what is the book authors first name ?
what is the book authors last name ?
who's name is on the cake ?
what does the writing on the bottom of the picture read ?
what company is advertised on the red sign ?
where is the pacific hwy exit going to ?
where is the falcon street exit going to ?
what is the mosman manly exit going to ?
what does it say on the red sign ?
what does the logo on the upper left say ?
what airline is this ?
what does espressa sell ?
what is the cost for delivery of espressa pizza ?
what does the sign on the right say ?
who is the sponsor of this tournament
what is written on the top left of the white board ?
what is the number of mini jet ?
who is holding the mini jet ?
what piece of fruit is the man holding ?
how many men are in the picture ?
what year does it say on the bottom right ?
what is the first word on the tag ?
what is the brand name of this product ?
what is the size of the items according to the label ?
what is the name of the cooking device ?
what is the yellow number ?
what event is this ?
what color is mentioned in the text
what is the bus number above the windshield ?
where is the bus heading ?
what is the motorcycle's license plate ?
what does the red sign read ?
what is the name of the bar ?
which month is in the caption ?
what is the name on the tail wing ?
what does the bottom of the snowboard say ?
what brand name is listed on the sign to the right ?
what does the copyright on this image say ?
what type of car is this ?
what is written on the front window ?
what year is the copyright ?
what is the name of the ave in the picture ?
what is the name of the st in the picture ?
who took this photo ?
what hair product brand is sponsoring this match ?
what is written on the display sign ?
what is the text on the traffic sign ?
what is the name of bike ?
what letter is presented on the black flag ?
there are two numbers presented on the flag. what are they ?
what is presented on the flag ?
what is the number on the street curb ?
what is written on the side of the switch ?
what kind of of donut is this ?
what does the top left button of this remote control read ?
what does the sign say ?
what is the brand name visible on the side wall ?
what is the number code written on the train ?
what is the name of the company written on the train
what initials are on the top of the machine ?
who does the wholesale nursey sell to ?
how many skateboards can you see ?
what does the red sign board show ?
which avenue is displayed near the stop board ?
what avenue is shown ?
what is the website on the top left of the image ?
what is the bus' route number ?
what is the year in the bottom right of this photo ?
what track number is the train at ?
what is written on the green street sign ?
what does the bottom line of the sign say ?
what is the dish called ?
what does the player's t-shirt read ?
what number is printed on the jersey of the batter ?
what type of booth is the man standing in ?
what is written on the cap ?
what is written on the latop ?
what is written on the name tag ?
where is the train going to ?
what is the number of the train ?
what is written in front the store ?
what is the street name mentioned in the board  ?
what does the large pink text say ?
what is the brand of bananas pictured
what is the sku number on the bananas
what is the word on the pot ?
what is under the main road sign ?
what brand is on the banner behind the player ?
what airline does this plane belong to ?
what does it say to start the school year doing ?
how much prize money is there ?
what is written on the train
what word is below nottingham city ?
where can i buy those ?
what is the name of the bus company ?
what number is on the white jersey ?
when was the image copyrighted ?
who holds the copyright ?
what color are the digits on the train's sign ?
what does the girls sweatshirt say ?
which tennis tournament was this picture taken at ?
what is the name at the bottom of the booth ?
what jersey number is the boy in the front of the image wearing ?
what jersey number is the boy in the back of the image wearing ?
what is the label given
which animal placed on there
what is the photography name ?
what does the green street sign say ?
what does the billboard say ?
where is this train going ?
what does the blue sign at the top of the building say ?
what word is on the octagonal sign ?
what number given in his t-shirt ?
does the establishment offer wifi ?
what word is on the side of the white vehicle in the picture ?
what is printed on the tailgate of this pick up truck ?
what center is this ?
what is the title of the book ?
what is the last name of the author of the book ?
when was berlin's established ?
what season comes after winter ?
what is the name of the on the building ?
what is the name of this build
what is written on this sign board ?
what word is printed 3 times on the building ?
what is the identification number on the blue part of the boat
what does the sign say ?
what is wrirrten on the dorr frame ?
what is the brand name ?
what type of road is park st ?
what is the slogan in the white corner ?
what company is in the building ?
what time does almuerzo criollo start ?
what group ?
what year was the picture taken ?
who copyrighted the photograph ?
what are the first 4 letters of the words on the backboard ?
what climate is the suggested storage in this image ?
what is the number of the walker on the phone ?
what is written on the poster to the left of the picture ?
what is the number on the white jersey ?
what is the slogan on the beverage bottles ?
what is written in the blue rectangle on the box inside the refrigerator ?
when was the picture taken ?
what hot dog company is being shown in this picture ?
what number is written on the basket of fires ?
what is the name of the company on the brown shirt ?
how many cheeses are on the lasagna ?
what is new ?
you should fly your own what ?
what is the phrase under the new era logo ?
is it irvine center dr or ave ?
what is written on the woman's shirt ?
what is the written on the plane ?
what is the year on the bottle ?
how much does it cost for egg salad ?
what is the company name on the advertisement ?
what is the name of the team in blue ?
what is the number of the jersey ?
what are the letters on the hat ?
what sandwich is printed on the wall ?
what street is displayed in the upper left of the image ?
what word is at the bottom of the picture ?
whats the name on the wall ?
what is the single letter after hertz ?
what do you need to get ?
what is the title for the movie depicted on the pictures on the bus ?
what flavor are the altoids ?
what city operates the fire truck ?
what is the name of the business written on the side of the horse carriage ?
what state is written on the side of the horse carriage ?
what is the name of the website ?
what is the name of the plane ?
what is the name on the airplane
what is the first word on the sign ?
what symbol is on the players arm band ?
what is the participants number ?
what symbol is on the sign in blue ?
what letter is on the sign in green ?
who is the manufacturer of the bus ?
what company operates the bus ?
what type of business is walthall ?
what is the name of store in between the flag and streetlight ?
what does the plane say ?
how old do you have to be to use this computer ?
what does it say on the bears foot ?
what is the store's name ?
what number is this jet ?
what is written on the yellow vest>
what artist's signature is on this painting ?
what is your favorite beer ?
what are you drinking ?
what is the name of the drink in the picture ?
what is the first word on the t-shirt ?
what name is written on the blue and white banner
what is the biggest word shown on the sign on the right side of this picture ?
what is the last word (bottom right) on the sign shown on the right side of this picture ?
what is the website address at the bottom ?
what word is printed on the lime green sign ?
what instruction is written inside the red and white hexagon ?
what is the color of the caps of players ?
what is the color of the ball ?
what is the color of the pant of the player wearing white jersey ?
where is this ?
what is written on the wall with blue ?
what are the three letters that come after the word sushi ?
what is the sign of board reference ?
what is the airline name on the planes pictured ?
what is the brand of the bicycles ?
what is the name of the company on the back wall ?
what is the color of the tennis court ?
what does the arched text say ?
what clothing brand is above the woman's picture ?
what is the name of the street ?
what is the type of street sign ?
what store has a sale ?
what does the store front read ?
what are the dimensions for regular ?
what are the dimensions for residence ?
who manufactures the trinitron ?
what brand is in red ?
what store is on the top of the post ?
what clinic is on the bottom of the post ?
what is the license plate of the red vehicle ?
what is the name of the business on the tower ?
what is the number on the slanted sign ?
what number is on the building ?
what text do you see at the bottom left of the picture ?
what is the colour of his jacket ?
what is the colour of his shoes ?
what is the colour of his helmet ?
what company makes the red truck ?
what's the url on the side of the red truck ?
what is the company abbreviation on the red truck's cab ?
what is the name of the cereal ?
what brand is the cereal ?
what brand is the yogurt ?
what is the number of last person ?
what word is on the purple sign ?
what does the sign with food say ?
what is the fourth word in black type on the white sign ?
what is the name of the company that owns the building
what is the shape shown ?
what is written on top left corner
what three letters are written at the top center ?
what is the name on the side of the bus ?
which cell is closest to the camera ?
what is the brand of the wine with the copper-colored top ?
what is the name of the dvd ?
who manufactures the camera ?
what number is the train ?
what is the name of the company for the advertizement ?
what number is on the baseball batter's shirt ?
what does it say on the box ?
which numbers are written in front of the train
what is written on the side of the train ?
who is the photographer ?
where was this picture found ?
where can you get pictures of insects ?
what brand is this ?
what is the bus number ?
what letters are on the left and right of the banner ?
what kind of lamp is it ?
what store is this ?
what is the word on the top sign ?
what is the last word on the t-shirt
what is the first word on top left
who copyrighted this photo
what brand is the camera ?
what word is written on the airplane ?
what city is listed on the boat ?
how many fluid ounces does the bottle hold ?
what type of beverage does the bottle advertise ?
which state is this bus from ?
what type of center is mentioned on the bus ?
what number has the boy in white shirt ?
what is the two letters after sig ?
what this bus for ?
what is the color of the tank ?
what is the name of the tank ?
what number is the train ?
what street is shown ?
what is the red octagon instructing you to do ?
what is the name of the store in the fore front ?
which stores is shown ?
what is this not ?
what word in black comes below 1/2 price ?
what activity is happening in the picture ?
what is the license plate of the blue vehicle in the centre of the image ?
what is the make of the blue vehicle in the centre of the image ?
what is the name written on the top of the front of the ble vehicle in the centre of the image ?
what beer company is advertised on the blue wall ?
what is the reference number for this picture ?
what is the first name on the bottom left corner of the image ?
what is the number on the ship
what is written behind the man
what is the name of the vessel
what dates are on this baseball ?
what is present in the green board
what is number showing in the board
what is written in the wooden sign ?
what is the name of the game that is behind the cat ?
what is the name of the store ?
what brand of cigarettes is being advertised ?
what does the white car's license plate say ?
what is the large letter on the parking meter ?
what is the number on the parking meter ?
what kind of things do they do here ?
what is the name on the skateboard held by the man in yellow ?
what is the brand name of the beverage ?
what time is it on the object ?
what does the image advertise in red font ?
what is the boy in brown doing ?
where is the bus going ?
what is the bus number ?
what is the name of the store with the purple sign ?
what number is the lecture theatre ?
which airline is this plane ?
what is airline company appears on the side of the plane ?
what color is the mans life jacket ?
what color is the boat ?
what word is displayed on the heart ?
what numbers are on the crate on the right ?
what kind of airmen are referred to on the plane ?
how many rounds are in the main event ?
who are the two fighters ?
what is on the sign ?
what does it say on the bottom of the door ?
what does it say at the top of the door ?
what does it say on the baseball hat ?
what brand of tv is labeled on the box ?
what is the table number ?
what does the text in the top right of the image say ?
what is the number listed in the corner ?
what is the name on the silver appliance ?
what is new and improved ?
what store is the paper bagt from ?
where does the sign on the right say this is ?
what does the blue sign say ?
what kind of street sign is this ?
what number does the bus have
what is the lagest word on the motel sign
how many megabits are displayed on the bus advertisement ?
what is the route number of the yellow bus ?
what text is on the yellow bottle ?
what is the time on the platform ?
what is the last word on the sign ?
what is the first word on the sign ?
what are the first two words on the sign ?
what is the name of the circus
what is the women's skirt made of ?
what is written on the red sign.
what is the copyright year ?
what is the sign on the far left ?
who is sponsoring this tennis match ?
what does the sign say ?
how much is the distance of jackson ?
what place is located at 800m away ?
what is the brand name of the milk ?
what is in the old el paso jar ?
what brand is this bottle ?
what percent is apple juice ?
which class is mentioned in this photograph ?
what does the sign in this photograph say ?
what chocolate brand is featured ?
what country is godiva from ?
what gate number is the plane at ?
what is the players last name ?
what is the players jersey number ?
what is the name of the airline on the back of the cart ?
what does the sign say at the top ?
what is a type of cheese very popular on pizzas ?
according to the sign, how far is the desert ?
who manufactured the green pickup truck ?
what is the last two digit number in the first line of the sign ?
what is the number on the players shirt ?
what is the name of the business on the banner ?
what number shirt is the player in red wearing ?
what is the last letter of graffiti on the man's chin ?
what company made the hydrant ?
what number is the player in the red jersey ?
what is the last name of the batter ?
what is written in white on the red octagon sign ?
what is the number on the yellow front of the train ?
what's the word on the top right ?
what tag number is on the middle cow's ear ?
how many ounces are in this container ?
what kind of food is in the box ?
how many elephants are there ?
what is the main color the elephant riders are wearing ?
what color are the elephants ?
what type of animal is the man kissing
when was this photograph taken ?
what does the sign on the sidewalk with the arrow say ?
what is written beneath corona
what phrase follows the name obama ?
what brand of typewriter is being used ?
what year was the photo taken ?
there are 3 people in this ____ ?
what is the license plate ?
what kind of sign can you see ?
what is written on the bag in the front ?
what is the brand name of the bag in the front ?
what is the title of the novel in the image ?
what is the second word in the name of the pictured store ?
what airlines does this plane fly for ?
is this a bar or club in nyc ?
what is the brand on the red advertisement ?
what type of boat is the blue and white one, the big word written on the blue and white boat.
what does the sign say ?
what does the main text say on the blue jersey ?
what type of car is this ?
what movie is shown on the dvd cover ?
what soda company is seen on the cup ?
what year was the image taken ?
what type of shop is in the image
what dose the yellow sign say on the building
how many people are in the image
what words are above the image of the red fruit ?
what is the name of the town on the fire engine ?
what number is next (left-side) of the word "stroke" in front of the green car ?
what 4-digit number is on the yellow stick in front of the green car ?
what 3 letters are shown on the bottom left of the green car ?
what is the character appearing on the microwave ?
what is the original price of the item ?
what is the price of the item after the temporary price cut ?
what number is printed on the blue roof ?
what is the colour of the car ?
what is lying beside the car ?
what is the colour of umbrella ?
what does the sign say ?
what is written on the blue sign ?
what kind of invitation is this ?
what does it say on the building
what type of business is ocbc ?
what does the red sign tell people ?
what is stated in the beginning of the name of the airline ?
what is the airlines name following the word air ?
below air pacific, what pacific island name does it say ?
what fruit is displayed
what is command of the digital sign ?
what word is written above the letters 'pas'
what is the brand of the brownie mix ?
what is written in red ?
what three capital letters are shown on the yellow umbrella ?
what did this sign say before it was vandalized ?
what does the vandalized writing on this sign say ?
what is exactly said on this sign, including the vandalized text ?
where is this bus going ?
what is being offered at the right hand ?
what is the name of the place located in the center of the image ?
what's the name of the cafe on the computer screen ?
how many people are in the cafe ?
how many microphones are in the image ?
what is the name of the business in this photo ?
what kind of stop sign is in the image ?
what is the maximum capacity of the glass
what is the brand of this glass
who is the sponsor displayed on the side ?
what is the present on left corner
what is in the glasses ?
how many are in front ?
what name is located on the bottom left corner ?
what is writing in the board ?
what four letter word is in the middle of the cauldron ?
what is the large red letter and number combo on the side of the plane ?
what is the text of the watermark
what is the brand of the computer ?
what name is wirtten on the cup
what is the main destination ?
what is the price of the lowest marked item in this image ?
what does the white sign say ?
what are the first three letters on the man's sweater ?
what bus number is this ?
which city is the red bus from ?
which state is the state fair being held ?
what brand is this chainsaw  ?
what is the street block number ?
what time of road is this ?
what is the cross street for wonderland ?
what restaurant is pictured ?
which restaurant is shown ?
what is written on the bright, yellow shirt ?
what are the numbers (dashes included) on the "barber shop" sign ?
how many pedestrians are in the picture ?
what is written on the largest sticker on the ramp
what is written on the sign above the two men in red shirts ?
what is the letter above the & sign ?
what is the name of the sport on the tee shirt ?
what letter is in the blue circle on the tee shirt ?
what word are written on the tee shirt ?
what is this used for ?
what type of attraction is this ?
what year is on the sign ?
what is the title of the top book ?
what is the title of the bottom book with red lines ?
what is the title of the book on top of the book with red lines ?
what blue word is printed on the side of the plane ?
what district does the street sign say ?
what word stands out the most on the red poster to the left of the dog ?
what are the last four letters for the word on the top left of the picture ?
why is the keyboard so dusty
how many hours can you park ?
what word describes the children at play ?
what time does 2 hour parking begin ?
what is the number in the blue box ?
what does the flyer read in big letters ?
how long is full-time
what is the name of the street on which the stop sign appears ?
what does the red sign tell drivers to do ?
where can i buy shoes here ?
what word is written inside the heart ?
what is the slogan for j-donuts ?
what is written on it ?
what is handwritten on the paper ?
what is the symbol on the glass
where do these escalators lead ?
where are these escalators located ?
what is written on the front of the lawnmower ?
who is the manufacturer of the lawnmower ?
what is the model of the lawnmower ?
what company made this product ?
what is the flower stall called ?
what do sunlight farms sell ?
what's the first word on the street sign ?
what is the name of the company shown in the top right ?
what is the name of the food pictured ?
which block is to the left ?
what is the street name ?
what is the name on the building ?
what is the street name on the blue sign ?
what is the name of this shop ?
what is the city on the bike sign ?
which airline do these planes belong to ?
what number train is this ?
what type of restaurant does the red sign on the top left make reference to ?
what is the name of the store on the left of the image ?
what is the batter's number ?
what kind of butter is on the table
what word is written in yellow on the red and blue striped shirt ?
what is the tv brand ?
what is the name of the website on the image ?
what is the train number ?
what is the photographers name ?
what does the owl on the man's shirt say ?
what is the name on the man's shirt ?
what is the word above the owl ?
what brand is the bike in front ?
what is the big letter on the scoreboard ?
what us city is on the shirts at the bottom of the photo ?
what player name is on the shirt on the right ?
what drink is being sold ?
what is the name written in the cake
what is the doll decorated the cake
what is printed on the red and black bag on the left ?
what is the last number shown on the display ?
what is the train number ?
who is the train company ?
what type of train is this ?
what name is on the cake ?
how old is jenny turning ?
whats the brand ?
what word is in the center of this picture ?
what word is beneeth the 'stop' on the sign ?
what letters are visible on the storefront on the left ?
what number is on this sign ?
what brand is the beer in the yellow box ?
what number is on the right corner of the bus ?
what kinds of products are being sold ?
what does the green sign say ?
what number is on the grey shirt ?
what number is on the pitch ?
what is the word at the top of the pink board ?
what is the brand of this product ?
what is this bus number ?
where is this bus going ?
what street is this location ?
what is it made withb
what animal is on the sigh ?
what is the year of the copyright ?
who holds the copyright ?
what is another word for farm animals ?
what brand/company is this bus ?
what is written between the headlights of the bus
what does the sign on the left of the image read ?
what is the name on the street sign ?
what does this car's license plate read ?
what is the number on the police hat
what word is written inbetween the two blue lights ontop of the truck ?
what number is on the blue shirt ?
what is the total fat ?
how much sodium ?
what are the calories ?
what is the name of this boat ?
what is written in the blue panel on the volleyball ?
what is the name of the airline this airplane belongs to ?
what is the name of the program on the screen ?
what does the bottle with the purple cap contain ?
what price is shown in the circle ?
what word has the largest font ?
what is the name of one of the sponsors of the tennis tournament ?
what auto make is sponsor of the tennis tournament ?
how many blocks away is lake monona ?
what is the first word on the sign ?
where is the red bus going to ?
what is written in the side of the red bus ?
what street is the horse on ?
what kind of beverages are being advertised on the neon sign ?
what does the text in english say ?
what number is written on the train
what letter is written next to the 31
what is the stick ?
what is the name of a business in this image
what is the name of a business in this image ?
what male name is listed on the sign in the back ?
what is the brand of wet wipes shown ?
what is the name of the donut store ?
how many boats are at the shore ?
what year is on the wine bottle ?
what is the left red button ?
what is the white center circle button ?
what is the slogan of the irish times
which airline is this plane ?
what is the speed of the ball ?
what is written on the bottom of the surfboard ?
what is the last name of the doctor on the green sign ?
what number is this building ?
what is this building's number ?
what four numbers are seen in this photo ?
what is the first word written at the top of the label on the bottle of soda ?
what does the watermark say ?
what company makes rouge pur couture
what website is watermarked on this image ?
what are the 5 digits written vertically in a row on the wall above the bananas ?
what is the whole number beginning and ending in 1 written vertically on the wall above the bananas ?
what is the first store on the left ?
what is the seconds store from the left>
who makes the instrument shown ?
what brand is in the object ?
what sport is that person playing
what type of cheese is this ?
how many people are wearing glasses ?
what brand is the camera lens cap ?
what brand name is on the lens cap ?
what section of the city is this ?
what are the letters on top of the building ?
what name is printed on the chairs at the bottom of the image ?
what is the name of the advertisement on the left ?
what does the arrow shaped sign show in the blue background ?
what is the name of the street on the street sign ?
what is the city name shown at the bottom of the street sign ?
what is the brand of the bottle of water ?
what is the word on the side of the taxi, just above the arrow ?
what instruction is on the red sign ?
are the two people men or women ?
what is on the car ?
what is the name of the bobsled ?
what is the website under "whelen" ?
what word is displayed in large lettering, on the side of the plane ?
what brand is written on the machinery ?
what letter is on the button with the up and down arrows on it ?
what letters come after the letters atv/ on the same button ?
what restaurant did the coffee cup come from ?
what does the picture on the toilet say ?
what is the brand of the crackers ?
what company is listed on the red sign ?
what is the name of the sports company listed on the fence ?
what is the number on the red jersey ?
what does the sign not want to be picked up ?
what is the white text on the sign ?
what is the arrow mark refer
which animal place on there
what he doing
what is the first word on the banner ?
what is the last word on the banner ?
where is this firetruck from ?
what brand name is visible in the white text inside the green square on the box visible in the photo ?
what does the red  sign say ?
what does the white sign with the red circle say ?
what does the octagonal red sign say ?
what number train car is this ?
what is the name of the company that owns the image ?
what may happen if this product gets in your eyes ?
what is written on it
what does the sign say ?
what street is labeled in the upper left ?
what store is on the far right ?
what is this lady selling ?
what is the man holding ?
what is the first letter on the side of the boat ?
what color is the word "police" written in ?
how many letters are in the word on the side of the boat ?
what does it say on the blue sign on the floor behind the player ?
what is written on the banana ?
who does the boat belong to ?
what is the boat number ?
who makes the engine for the boat ?
what is the website address ?
what resort are these men skiing at ?
which brand is the black snowboard ?
the orange painted snowboard has what letter and which number ?
what is the name of the book
how much was spent on fast food in 1972 ?
what gas station is the picture from ?
what does the box say ?
what is the liscence number on the back of the car ?
what three letters are on the top left item
which is the number on the back ?
which is player's name ?
what is the caption in this photo say ?
what is written on the sign ?
what is the total sale amount ?
what is written on the first sign ?
what is written on the second plate ?
what is written on the third plate ?
what is indicated in this sign board ?
what is the number on the armband ?
what brand is this ?
what label is visible ?
what is written on the shirt of the person travelling on bike ?
what does the red sign say ?
what is the big blue word on the screen ?
what is the big yellow word on the screen ?
what does the blue phrase say ?
what is the third word in the book title starting with "the memory..."
what is the first name of the author crais ?
what is the number of motorbike rider ?
what is the store's phone number ?
what is the word on the gold plaque ?
what is the word on the brown circle ?
what does the the top street sign say ?
what does the red sign say ?
what is the license plate of the black car ?
what number is written on the umpire's sleeve ?
what is the white uppercase word on the object ?
what does it say on the child's shirt ?
what does the cap say ?
what company name is on the mudflap ?
what is the number on the digital sign at the top front of the bus ?
what event is advertised in large red letters ?
what road sign is there
what is written on the ferry ?
what is the name of the airline ?
what is the plane identification number ?
what brand is the copier ?
what is the model number of the copier ?
what is the first letter of the artist's name at the bottom of the photo ?
what web address is located at the bottom ?
what airline does this aircraft belong to ?
what number is the girl in the white jersey closest to the camera ?
what number is the girl in the blue jersey ?
who does the picture belong to ?
what is the train number ?
what does the sign indicate ?
what is the phone number on the truck
what company is the airplane from ?
what is the white text on the black sign on the fender ?
what are the black numbers on the white sign on the forks ?
what are the chrome letters on the handlebars ?
what is the website address ?
what is the speed ?
what is written at the bottom of the silver container ?
what is the name of the street ?
what is the name of the building ?
what should be do red ?
what is the importance of ?
what number is written on the pills ?
what is the street name on the sign ?
what is the best by date on the container on the left ?
what is the first ingredient listed on the container on the left ?
what is the third ingredient on the container on the left ?
what is written in the blue color portion of the bottle ?
what does the sign on the front of the stage say ?
what brand is the microwave on the left ?
what is the toy banana's name ?
what brand is the vehicle ?
what letters are on the blue sign ?
in the picture on the right what is written on the red octagonal sign ?
w90 must you give way to ?
what must you give to pedestrians ?
what five letter name is on the clock?.
what room is labeled on the sign ?
what number are the platforms ?
what does the street sign say on the left ?
what year is the planner on the wall for ?
how many people are wearing wetsuits ?
what are the people standing on ?
what word is listed after a set of numbers on the left side ?
what number comes after the 5 on the left side ?
what is the destination of the bus ?
who makes this tool ?
what is the tour company called ?
how much does the phone cost ?
what is printed on the tennis racket ?
what number appears on his jersey ?
what is the bus number ?
what number is the safety house ?
what does the sign say ?
what can be read at the bottom of the picture ?
what is letters are on the helmet ?
what is the license plate on the middle motorcycle ?
what product is being sold in the vending machine ?
what is wirtten on the airplane ?
what year is written at the bottom of the picture ?
what month abbreviation appears at the bottom of the picture ?
what letters are on the side of the bus ?
what does the sign say ?
what color are the letters and border ?
what year is written on the large case ?
what is the name of the art gallery ?
what is printed on the teddy bear ?
what is the bus route ?
whose birthday is it ?
what fruit is named on the top sign ?
what fruit is named on the middle sign ?
what fruit is named on the bottom sign ?
what is written on the side of the bus ?
what is the name on the beer bottle ?
what is the name of the green airplane ?
what number is written on the truck ?
what is the english term for arret ?
what type of work does the company who owns this photograph do ?
what is the top destintion on this sign ?
which team does the red team represent ?
what does the lighted sign say ?
what kind of court is it ?
who is currently batting ?
what is the name of player 16 ?
what is the name of the player whose team is currently up to bat ?
what is the text on the lens cover ?
what does the sign say ?
what are the last four digits of the licence plate ?
what is the first website printed on the green wall ?
what is the year on the cup ?
what are the blades described as ?
what number is written on the back wall ?
what make is the truck ?
what is the license plate number of the silver car ?
what is the name on the street sign ?
what is the name of the car ?
who owns this car ?
what is the name of the garage that built this car ?
what is the last word on the head piece ?
what is the last 3 words on the headpiece ?
what word begins with 's' in this picture ?
what country are they in ?
what word is printed under the windshield of the yellow and orange van ?
what is the brand advertised ?
where is railrunners based ?
what is railrunners website ?
what is the k word at the top of the sign ?
what are the top two words on the white sign ?
which year was this picture taken according to the caption below ?
what is the first line on the cake ?
what store is pictured on the right ?
what does the heading read inside the l'occitane store ?
what is the number on the back of the batter ?
what is the second word in white on the blue box on the shelf ?
what is the place of the pizza place ?
what is the date of the flag behind the man
what does the pile consist of ?
is the man allowed to skate here ?
what kind of peace is on the left ?
what kind of peace is on the right ?
what must you do when a pedestrian is within the crosswalk ?
what does the blue writing on the can say ?
what does the white writing on the can say ?
what does the top sign say ?
what does the bottom sign say ?
what two street names are there ?
what does the top button say ?
what is the word on the black sign ?
which department air craft is this ?
what is the number shown in the picture  ?
what is the name of the street display on the picture ?
what is the big white word on the red octagon ?
what are the last three letters before the exclamation mark in the stop sign ?
what is the name of the airline ?
what institute is being advertised ?
what is the product brand ?
what type of product is this ?
what word has blue inside one of the letters ?
what word is on the bottom right ?
what are the first 4 letters of the top right word ?
what place is written in the painting ?
does this plane transport passengers ?
where is this plane located ?
what is the bus company printed on the front of the bus ?
what is the company name of the pizza in the drawer
what is the first word on the television screen ?
what type of vegetable is organically grown ?
what is the sale price of the broccoli ?
what is on the screen of the jukebox ?
what is the first word of the street name found on the side of the building ?
what is the second word of the street name found on the building ?
what is the first word of the street name found in the background ?
what website does this photo belong to ?
what letter is on the tail of the plane ?
what brand is the typewriter ?
what word is on the bottom ?
what is the name of the restaurant ?
what is the name of the restaurant ?
what is the name of the restaurant/
what is written on the neon jacket ?
what insect is referenced in the passage ?
what is another name for 'dragonfly' in some parts of the us ?
who took this picture ?
what store brand is shown ?
what car manufacturer is sponsoring this match ?
which concourse has the train stopped at ?
what is the left-most label on the side of the laptop in the image ?
what is the name of the file
how many ml is the big flask
what is the date of this picture ?
what is the name of the airline ?
what text is on the logo in the top left of the photo ?
what name is at the bottom of the picture ?
what is the sign on the silver pole ?
what does the front of the bus say ?
where is the bus going ?
what is the bus number ?
what number is on the ski lift ?
what it is title of this ski lift stop ?
what does the label read on the bottle behind the kitten ?
what does the sign say ?
what is the brand name ?
what item number is this product ?
what is the flavoring of the product ?
what month is the bird picture for ?
who is the co-pilot ?
what does the child's shirt say ?
what word is under the phone screen ?
what word is listed on the wall ?
what is the license plate of the bus ?
who is sponsored for this game ?
what type of light is the head lamp ?
what can be done on jobstreet.com ?
what is the photo tag's first name ?
it isn't fals
does the 4-way stop sign look bright enough ?
can you stop here in icy conditions ?
does the war on the sign make you feel uncomfortable ?
what is the bus license plate number ?
what is written on the image
who is this product perfect for ?
what is the main brand of water ?
what is the text on the store front ?
what animal is the person feeding ?
whats the website this image is on ?
what is the food in the picture ?
what is the name of the street listed on the left ?
which fruit is this ?
what four numbers are on the bottom right of the picture
what is the engine number ?
what does the bottom of the sign pointing to the left say ?
what station is located to the left ?
what website can this be found on ?
what is the brand ?
who makes these donoughts ?
what word is after have in the first line of the paper ?
what is the first word on the top sign ?
what is printed on the bottom right ?
what word is displayed in the top left of the image ?
what is written in blue on the train ?
what year was this photo taken ?
what kind of dinosaur is mentioned on the screen ?
what airline is this plane for
what does the sign on the top right say ?
what is the brand name of the marker ?
what is the name of the photo listed in the middle of the image ?
what is the name of the player on the right ?
what is the number of the player on the left ?
what numbers are written on the white street sign on the left ?
what word is written on the white street sign on right ?
where does the middle lane lead to ?
what is the lowest number marked on the cup ?
what word is written in the 1st picture ?
what word is written in the 2nd picture ?
what is the first name of the boat with green on it ?
what is written in green carpet ?
what's the number on the girl that is 3rd one from the left side of this picture ?
which number is the bike that's 2nd in place ?
whats the name brand on the side of the bikers shirts ?
what is written in the siide
what is written in the triangle on the sign ?
what team name is on the jerseys pictured ?
what is the name printed on the jersey facing away from the viewer ?
what is the number on the jersey for wieters ?
what team does the standing player play for ?
what credit card company logos are displayed ?
what brand is the keyboard ?
what is the continent listed in the photo ?
what price is displayed ?
how many cats are there in this photo ?
what s the name of the restaurant ?
what beverage name is displayed in the window of the restaurant ?
what airline is this ?
what is the first word on the right of the photo ?
what does is the second word on the right of the photo ?
what is the fourth word on the right of the photo ?
what is the name of this event ?
what is the name of the road on the green sign ?
what city is written on the rock ?
what does the text on the top of the image say ?
what letter of the alphabet appears directly above this luggae ?
what letter is in blue ?
who is the author of these books ?
what is the letter at the top right of the image ?
what is the last name at the top right of the image ?
what is the first name at the top right of the image ?
what does the red sign say ?
what letter is on the hat of the children ?
what is the name of the team the children play on ?
what year is displayed on the plaque ?
what three letters come before the word online ?
what is the city on the box ?
what year did the event take place ?
what is the name at the top ?
what does vodafone mean ?
where can i buy a vodafone ?
what is written on the sign board ?
what does the sign say in the top center of the image ?
what kind of business is the building on the left ?
what brand is the black phone ?
what type of fuel does this car take ?
what is the way of mexico
what is the first word written on the back of the person's shirt ?
what is closed according to the sign ?
what is printed above the plane windows ?
what is the name of the jeans company in the background of the image ?
this fire truck serves which area ?
what are most brands to avoid plagiarism ?
what type of books are indicated by the red sign in the top left of the image ?
what is being cut ?
what is time ?
what business name is on the top of the building ?
what is written on the bottom of the gas pump ?
what does this sign say ?
what does the bus say above the door ?
what does the destination on the bus say ?
what is the active ingredient ?
what is the phone number ?
what is the train number ?
what street is this on ?
what does the tail of the airplane say ?
what fruit shape is the clock ?
whats the school days calendar for ?
what times are taped on the machine ?
what country is written on the book ?
what company name is on the jumbo-sized tv remote ?
the liteon tv remote is located between which two remotes ?
who is the photographer who took this photo ?
what is the world's third highest pass called ?
what letter comes after the apostrophe ?
what business is this person eating at ?
what type of sandwich does the bag advertise ?
what animal is this ?
what company is this photo for ?
what are the big black words on the sign ?
what brand is the ski helmet ?
what street name is pictured ?
what restaurant is advertised at the bottom of this picture ?
what type of photography is purple martini ?
what date does the sign say ?
red sign found on a intersection
what does the man's shirt say ?
what brand appears to to be sponsored in the background ?
what brand is the tractor ?
what is the speed limit for a left turn ?
what are the last four letters of produce ?
which beer brand is being advertised above the two coca-cola advertisements ?
what is the first word at the top of the right most advertisement on the top row ?
what does this shirt represent
what does he need donations for ?
which fruit is depicted in this picture ?
what is the license plate on the bus ?
what is the destination of the bus ?
what is the number of the bus ?
what kind of gel is the ice cold product
does this boat make you happy ?
what sport is being played ?
what is on the bus ?
what is the name of the name of the bridge ?
what brand is the ping-pong table ?
what kind of establishment is this ?
what is the car's license plate ?
what is the middle school bus's number ?
what kink of bus is shown ?
what is the name of this street ?
what is written on this green sign board ?
what is the name of this cereal ?
what store name is on the bus ?
what is the number of the bus ?
what number is found on the player wearing red
what number is the player to the furthest left wearing ?
what number is on the top left ?
what number is center bottom ?
what is printed at the bottom left of the image ?
what tour bus is this ?
what does it say under the clock ?
which company is written on the watermark ?
what is the name of fuel station ?
what kind of guitar is in this image ?
what is on the shirt of the man behind the fence ?
what is the number on the red sign ?
what number is after the r on the poster
what color is the slimming lettering
what word is spray painted on the red sign ?
what does it says in the banner ?
what is the name of the airline ?
what is the number of the plane ?
what is the name of the mountain on the red sticker ?
what is the year written on the tall boy's sweater ?
what does the green sign say ?
what company owns this jet ?
what does the sign on the truck say ?
what is the license number ?
what name is at the top of the sign ?
what is the name of the bus company ?
what is the bus number ?
how can you contact this company ?
what is the name of the rider ?
what name is on the jockys pants ?
what is the name written on the birthday cake ?
what number on the building ?
what was the street name written ?
what is indicated in the red sign board ?
what is written in the wall besides sign board ?
what is the sign protesting ?
what name is listed in the sidecar windshield ?
what company name is shown ion the black background building ?
what is straight ahead ?
how much is the tea advertised on the bus ?
how many people are wearing hats ?
what number can be seen on top ?
what is the name of the street printed on the sign ?
what is the first name of the person listed at the bottom of the photo ?
what number is on the umpires sleeve ?
what is the last word on the bottom ?
what is the blue bus number ?
is it day or night ?
what is the number below the windshield on the bus closest to you in the image.
what is the name under books on the wall ?
what is the name of the store ?
who is this a memorial too ?
what is the date of this event ?
what is the brand of the blender ?
what does the lable to the left  say ?
what is the name of the cinema ?
what is written on the top of the sign ?
what is written on the bottom of the sign ?
what is the full word seen in the background on the photo to the left ?
what is the full word seen in the background on the photo to the right ?
what drink is in the mug ?
what is flying towards the man ?
what does the t-shirt say ?
what is the first word on the shirt ?
mention any one name written on the sticks
what is the brand name of the mobile phone ?
what is the capital letter on the second word of the store's name ?
what part of the military does this plane belong to ?
what does the red sign say ?
what bank is advertised in the dug out ?
what does the sign on the t-shirt say ?
what does the sign say ?
how many players are there whose feet are completely off the ground ?
what does the green sign say ?
what number is on the train ?
what is this bus number ?
where is the bus going ?
what is the license plate number of the bus ?
what does the white vase say ?
what signis posted on the freezer door ?
what brand is the lens caps ?
what is the word written on the top of the remote control ?
what is the number of the dirtbike ?
what is the name of the oven ?
what is written in the upper left corner of this photo ?
what does the text on the plane say ?
what number is on the green  sign in the upper left ?
what is the jersey number ?
what is written in the crosswalk sign ?
what is the name of the website that this photo is from according to the bottom corner ?
what is the website ?
what words are located on the umbrella ?
what is the first character on the bus's licence plate ?
what words are printed on the poster ?
what is written on green board
what is the number of the bus ?
what hotel is being shown
what does that blue sign say ?
what emergency service is the van used for ?
what is the name of the airline written on the plane ?
what game system is the box for ?
what game is included in the box ?
what does perry's place serve ?
what is the red street sign instructing you to do ?
who is up at bat ?
what team is in the field ?
what team is batting ?
what does it say on the closest pizza box in green letters ?
what is the name of the company in the building ?
where is jennifer in 2011 ?
where is the brown sign on the left pointing to ?
who's market is being advertised here ?
what type of food in smitty's is fresh choice ?
what company is this airplane from ?
what number is on the front of the bus below the windshield ?
what number in orange is above the windshield ?
where is the bus going ?
what time of day - am or pm - is next to the barcode ?
what is the likely full text of the large text in the reddish orange area below ?
what brand of cell phone is on the table ?
what is the name of the street ?
what is the name of the venue ?
what band is playing thursday ?
what are colours of device ?
what is the brand of the phone ?
what company owns the bus ?
what fruit is being advertised ?
what watermark is displayed at the top ?
who is on the cover of the magazine ?
who is the magazine publisher ?
what is written in blue board
what is the time limit ?
what year was this picture taken ?
what words are displayed inside the green sign at the top right of the image ?
what is the name on the sculpture ?
what country is this police station in ?
what letter is on the baseball cap ?
what is the net weight
what is the copyrighted name displayed in the bottom left ?
what food is in the can ?
what does the writing on the side of the wagon say ?
what company made the laptop in this photograph ?
what company is presenting the dinner ?
what car brand is the dinner for ?
who is the dinner for ?
what year other than 2005 is listed on the boy's basketball shirt ?
what does the pedestrian sign say ?
what is the bus schedule number ?
where is the bus going ?
what do the signs say is free ?
what does the sign on the building say ?
where did this photo come from ?
what is written on the bottom right ?
how much are the bananas being sold for ?
how much are the ranges being sold for ?
what country are the bananas from ?
what is the address for the website on this image ?
what is the text found in the middle of the watch on the necktie ?
what is the brand of the green skateboard ?
which of the companies on the wall are a camera manufacturer
what is the first word on the vehicle ?
what is the second word on the vehicle ?
what is the word below the name on the building ?
what is written on the male's grey, hooded jersey ?
what four words are written in white, on the black sign in the background to the left ?
what website is the photo from ?
what website is shown in front of the woman ?
what are the large letters on the black apron that is hanging near a cupboard ?
what is the name of the company on the building ?
what number is on the pole of the stoplight ?
q: what is written on the cooks shirt? a: pact
q: what brand of charcoal is being used? a: kingsford
what is a white dog holding in his mouth ?
what is written on the napkin ?
what is the word on the back of the truck ?
what does the sign say is being sold there ?
what is written on the sign ?
what is written there in yellow letters ?
what is the sign of board reference ?
what place is labeled on the packaged napkin ?
which letters are shown on the side of the plastic cup ?
to which mountaintop does the sign point, in english ?
how many meters must be traveled to the mountaintop ?
what is the license plate number ?
what is written on the sign in front of the vehicle ?
what is the name of the street ?
according to the signage, what is straight ahead ?
what is the cycle name ?
what is the company on the cup ?
who owns the copyright  ?
what county is the bus transportation for ?
who took this photo ?
what is the large number written on the paper ?
what unit of measurement does this pump use ?
what is the name on the side of the bus ?
what type of lens cap is that ?
which box contains the word "library" ?
which box contains the phrase "mythtv" ?
which box contains the word "recordings" ?
what is the oriana bathroom ?
what are the words in the left corner ?
what does the middle sign on the building say ?
what does the highest sign on the building say ?
which city is in the name of the hot pot shot ?
what letters are legible to the left of the tennis player ?
what numbered street is shown on the street signs ?
what are the last 4 numbers of the phone number on the sign ?
what year what the photo taken
who is the photographer listed in the bottom right corner
what street is being passed ?
in which city is the guy working ?
what is the guys shop ?
name the first number on the license plate ?
what is the number of the guy with the red shirt ?
which number is written on the green cartel in the background ?
who is funding the project ?
what is the slogan of the project ?
what word is written on the green building ?
what words are written on the sign hanging from the traffic light ?
what is written is red writing on the above banner ?
who is the hospital named after ?
where is the street sign on the bottom pointing to ?
what is written on front of truck
what number is on the bus ?
what brand is the remote ?
what is the name on the plane ?
what brand is the laptop in the picture ?
which search engine is powering this phone ?
what brand is the brown and white bag ?
who is the player
what is the players number
what company logo is behind player
what is the uniform number of the catcher ?
what is the uniform number of the sliding player ?
what airline is this plane from ?
what does the plane have written on it ?
what city are these signs in ?
what is the complete name of this product ?
what are the innitals on the helment ?
what is written on board
what is the brand of the ball ?
what is the name of the airline ?
what does the license plate say ?
what is the link shown in the picture ?
what number is on the tag ?
what is written on the clock ?
what does the sign say ?
what color shirt is the person wearing ?
what number is on the boat ?
what does the license plate say ?
what does the top of the bus say ?
what branch of the service are these men from ?
what is the license plate number ?
what is the bus manufacture company ?
what is the company that own the bus ?
what brand is this mouse ?
who is the player number 3 ?
what is written on the wall ?
what is the name on this image ?
what is the street name ?
what is the name of the store ?
what is the brand of the bathroom cleaner ?
what is the name of the avenue ?
what is the name of the boulevard ?
what is the brand name of this lock ?
what is written on the sign ?
what is written in white ?
whose rest area is this ?
what is the red word on the circle ?
what is the price of a cheese calzone ?
what does a square pie come with ?
what costs 32.00 ?
what is the price of a single room ?
what is the name of the motel ?
what are the letters and/or numbers on the license plate ?
what does the red traffic sign read ?
who took this picture ?
what is the name of the street ?
what is the second word on the blue shirt ?
what number is on the wall ?
what year did the bobsled run take place ?
what is the license plate of the bus ?
what is the date specified on this image ?
what is printed on the hand shaped sign ?
what is the number on the pitcher's jersey ?
what three digit number is on the back fence ?
what letters are visible on the top of the sign, to the right of the pole ?
what company made the policy car in the photograph ?
what is the telephone number for the police ?
what kind of beer are they drinking ?
what is the name of the textbook on the top of the stack ?
who is the manufacturer of the camera ?
what number is written on the side of the box ?
what is written on this building ?
what are the first three letters after the word super ?
what is the store on the right called ?
what is the store on the right selling ?
who created this image ?
whats is the vehicle number plate
what company's brand logo is in the picture ?
how many calories per serving ?
how much dietary fiber per serving ?
how many grams of trans fat per serving ?
what is the brand of jean ?
where is the brand located ?
what is the sign asking you to do ?
what cross street is in front of the camera person ?
what toy brand made the green bear ?
what is the first word on the fridge ?
what kind of cake is on the table ?
what web site can i go for more info ?
what kind of pride ?
what percent of vitamin a is there ?
what percent of vitamin c is there ?
what percent of calcium is there ?
what sport is being played ?
what is written on the logo in the background
what is on the wall in white ?
what is the number written on the woman's thigh ?
what is the 3-letter text written in yellow on the woman's sticks ?
what year was this picture taken ?
who gave permission to reproduce this picture ?
what kind of trips are to the left ?
what is this product ?
how many k-cups ?
what flavor is it ?
how many servings are in this container ?
how many calories are in one serving ?
how much sodium is in one serving ?
what does the golf ball say ?
what does the grass say ?
what does it say on the sign on the left ?
what photographer took this photo ?
what does the orange poster say ?
which colors are painted on the fire hydrant ?
what is the color of the aeroplane ?
what is the advertiser behind the player ?
what is the name of the store behind the mini van ?
what is the first name on the tag ?
what is the brand name of the sign with the swan ?
what is the number of the train on the left ?
what is written on the front of both trains ?
what time is in the clocks ?
what is the product ?
which is the brand ?
how many doughnuts are being eaten by women ?
how many trees are in this picture ?
how many people are in mid-air ?
wht is the number listed on the sign on the right ?
what letter is on the orange cube ?
what brand is this tool ?
what is the fourth large letter written on the side of the truck ?
what is above the screen ?
what type of information is being logged on the computer ?
what type of documents are on top of the computer ?
what animal is in the picture ?
what is the statue holding in his hand ?
what color is the fence ?
what is appeared in the red heart appeared in wall/
where are the oranges from ?
how are the oranges described on this box ?
what number is on the side of the boat ?
what does this place help you grow ?
what phrase is written on the black and white signs ?
what is the main text on the sticker
what does the sign say ?
what does the green,white, and red sticker say ?
what is printed on green jersey ?
what is printed on blue jersey ?
who is copy right authority ?
what is the brand of the white bus  ?
when does the store in the image open ?
what's the plate number ?
which sale is being advertised ?
products in this sale are up to how much off ?
what is the brand listed on the object ?
what is the name on the sandwich wrapper ?
what can't be stopped ?
what sign is written on the stone ?
what company does the lady wearing a silver watch work for ?
how is the event being broadcast ?
what word is under the leaf icon ?
what is the brand name of the desktop computer ?
what is written on the red neon sign ?
what is the word on the red signs ?
what street sign is shown ?
what dose the orange sticker say
what is the year on the bus ?
what number is written after prop
what brand is the store ?
what is the only letter on show ?
what is the name of the airplane ?
what is the word to the left of the lady in blue ?
how many times does the avarage adult heart beats per minute ?
what is the title of the commercial display ?
what country name is written on the side of the aircraft ?
what brand of beer is on the table ?
what is the big word on the red sign ?
what number is in the white light on the left at the top of the window ?
what does the red sign say ?
what is the address in the window ?
what type of wine is on the left ?
what type of wine is on the right ?
what is the size of the container on the right ?
what number is on the mans jersey ?
what is the first name of the image tag ?
what time was this photo taken ?
what date was this photo taken ?
what is written on the tail of the plane ?
what is highlighted in green ?
what color is the skateboard ?
what is the name of the cross street ?
what building do you see ?
what is the closest store shown ?
what is the word on the binocholars ?
what is the registration number of the bus ?
what is the number code written at the bottom of the image ?
what type of drink is on the floor ?
what does it say on this train's wagon ?
what is the name of the restaurant ?
what is displayed in red ?
what is written on the corner ?
what time does the clock say ?
what number is on the bottom oven screen ?
what is the bus schedule number ?
what letters are written in red ?
what sport is being played ?
what color is the player's shirt ?
street number address of this building ?
what name is on the street sign ?
what is the red sign with green writing advertising ?
which gas station sign is on the left of the image ?
what does the player's shirt say ?
what is written on the side of the plane ?
what is this building used for according to the sign above it ?
what brand is advertised  on the purple sign ?
what kind of chips are featured ?
what is written on tee-shirt ?
who is "queer" ?
what number is pictured ?
what band is the poster advertising ?
what does the sign at the top of the bus read ?
what is the name of the store on the far right ?
what is it called when you cease all movement ?
what do you drive that has four wheels and a motor ?
what is the first name displayed at the bottom ?
what number is on the bus ?
who made the scooter ?
what kid of shop is on the red background ?
what is the batter's number ?
who is sponsoring the game ?
what brand of tricycle is it ?
what is the name on the red sign ?
what color are the m&m's in the first tube ?
what website is this picture from ?
what is the text in the middle say ?
what does the text at the bottom say ?
what kind of fruit is this ?
what does the red sign say ?
what is the slogan on the plane ?
what number is the bike in the background ?
what event is it ?
which city is it ?
what time does the rolex sign say it is ?
what year is written on the tire ?
who is the manufacturer of the toy ?
what sore is shown on the leftt
what is the destination of the bus ?
what number is above the headlight on the bus ?
what is dangerous about the floor ?
what letter is on the players helmet ?
what are the first 3 letters on the players jersey ?
what is the last letter on the players jersey ?
what does the sign say ?
what does the sign on the small bridge say ?
what is the first 4 letters of the licence plate ?
what is written on the orange sign in white letters ?
what brand is being advertised on the yellow sign ?
what is the top word in the bottom right corner ?
what is the middle word in the bottom right corner
what two websites appear on the bottom right corner ?
what number is written in red ?
where is the tennis match being held ?
what is the word on the skateboarders shirt ?
what hotel is on the magazine ?
what is the  name of the store in this photograph ?
what is the title of this video ?
what is the name of the advertisement on the right of the tennis player ?
what is the name of the item the mouse is in ?
what flavor is this mustard ?
who makes this mustard ?
how natural is the mustard ?
what discount is on offer here ?
what store is on the right ?
what is written on the sign ?
what gaming system are these people using ?
what is the name of the store ?
what is the name of the magazine in the picture ?
what beer is advertised ?
what is name of business ?
when was business started ?
what company's headquarters are these ?
what is written on the front of the van ?
what are the last three digits on the car's license plate ?
what is the name of the player ?
what is the number of the player ?
what is in the jar ?
who took this photograph ?
what is the top line of the statement on the boy's shirt ?
what is the maximum fine ?
what will happen to offenders ?
what is the name of the street ?
when was the copyright issued ?
what is the statement of warning on the door ?
what is the last letter on the train car ?
what is the first letter on the train car ?
what letter appears in the middle of the train car ?
what is the lowest number written on a drawer ?
what is the word written below the fruit ?
what does white board attached to the pole displayed
what does the red board displayed
what kind of station is this ?
what are the last three letters on the truck license plate ?
what is the first name shown in the image ?
main scent of this product ?
what company made this product ?
what company is the pink umbrella from ?
what is the license plate number of the bus ?
what does the sign next to the stop sign read ?
what is written on the octogonal red sign ?
how much does the product weigh ?
what vegetable is in the can ?
what is the first word on the green sign to the right ?
what is the brand of the tennis racket ?
what year was this photo taken ?
how many men are in this picture ?
what color shirt is the man in the middle wearing ?
what is the name of the street posted ?
what is the number on the jersey of the player to the right ?
what is the type of gecko in the image ?
what name is written on this building ?
what is the name for the player number 32 ?
what event is being celebrated (one word) ?
what expression is on the dog's face ?
what is the certificate of ?
what does the sign say ?
according to the sign what is reserved ?
what is the red octagon instructing you to do ?
what cardinal is one the street sign ?
what store is in front of the bus ?
what is written on the red sign in front of the bus ?
what are the first two words of the black lettering ?
what color is the tin box ?
what is the name of the street on the top sign ?
what is the name of the street on the lower sign ?
what number is next to broadway ?
what time is it ?
what is written on the arrow on the street sign ?
what is the name of the street ?
what does the red sign say ?
what letters are on the green part of the sign ?
what is written on the image
what is written on the travel information sign ?
what year was this photo taken ?
what is the name of the road ?
which word means little in french ?
what brand is the camera lens cover in the picture ?
what is the first letter of the word listed on the side of the beam ?
what is one word displayed on this picture ?
what is the destination of the bus
what type of plane is this ?
what does the sign on the propeller say ?
what is written after navion ?
what product is on the shelves of the stand ?
what is the make of the monitor ?
when was the picture taken ?
what does the yellow sign say ?
what is the first letter on the white sign ?
what is the brand of her neck brace ?
which number is on the price jersey in the top left of the photo ?
where is the photo taken ?
what country is in this photo ?
what is worded on the red sign ?
what type of protection does the drywall offer ?
what number is on the dog's vest ?
what color is the dog's vest ?
what color is the dog ?
what word is on the blue sign in the top left corner ?
what word is above readymades ?
what day was the photo taken ?
what year was this photo taken ?
what type of food is in the box ?
what is written in green letters at the top ?
what is the bus number ?
what type of transit is this ?
what does the guy's shirt say ?
what make is the eraser ?
what make is the pencil ?
who took the image ?
what is the number of the skier ?
what is displayed on the front and side of the vending machine ?
who is the manufacturer of the truck ?
who is the photographer ?
what is the license plate number (4 digits) ?
what is the first word on the green banner ?
what is the name on the street sign ?
what kid of place is the supermarket ?
what is the word under the word food ?
what does the sign say ?
what is the price of the kitchen ?
what is the letter located on the skier's thigh ?
what make is the chair ?
what are the letters underneath the snow board ?
what word is shown next to the sun/bird/waves image ?
what number bus are these passengers riding ?
a passenger just requested a:
when was the golf course found ?
what is the total telethon pledge so far ?
what is the name of the police department ?
what company sign is lit up in pink ?
what is the word in big letters on the red sign ?
what does the yellow sign say ?
what does the bottom sign say ?
what does the black sign say ?
how much vitamin c is in this product ?
what is the website address ?
what is straight ahead ?
what is on the cup ?
where is the bus headed ?
what does it say on the entrance on the left
what does it say on the entrance on the right
what is the place name written at the top on the person's shirt ?
what is the station ?
what is being signed up today ?
what is the number of the player that has the frisbee ?
what does the bag say ?
what direction is on the back wall ?
what is the name of this shop ?
what is written in front of the store ?
what is written along the horizontal line of the cross sign ?
what is the name written in the box under the cross ?
how many bottles of alchol are there ?
how many cards are there ?
what beer is the red truck branded for ?
what is the company name written in green ?
what is the word in white bold font next to the apple slice ?
which number train is this ?
where is this train going to ?
what is the first name of the copyright name at the bottom ?
what is the question for #4
what is shown in the top right corner ?
what is this store free of ?
what word is written on the side of the ship ?
what is written on the paper on the wall ?
what number is written
what does the paper say ?
what does the octagonal red sign say ?
what number is on the bottom right of the train ?
what word is on the bottom left of the train ?
what 6 digit number is on the train ?
what is the operation listed ?
what color has the car on the left ?
what color has the car on the right ?
what words are written on the brown pot ?
what does the logo on the tank say ?
what number is the player with the bat in his hands ?
what is the net weight of this product in ounces ?
how many grams is this product ?
what is the first word on the red ruler ?
what is the amount of sale ?
what is written next to the white heart ?
what word is written on the red metal sheet sign ?
what handwritten word is written next to the sign ?
letter on fridge ?
what is written on the school bus ?
who is the copyright owner ?
what is the year of the copyright ?
what type of beer is in the photo ?
what number is in the bottom right corner ?
what is the first word is word on the bottom right  ?
what does the grey shirt say
what number is on the black jersey ?
what day is the sf weekly free on
what is the price displayed in the right of the picture ?
what is the order number ?
what is the airline called ?
what do the signs want to do about foreclosures ?
what three companies are sponsored in this event ?
what kind of wine was in the clear bottle ?
where was the wine produced ?
what number comes directly before the 3 in this picture ?
what number comes after 03- ?
what is the first name on the sign ?
what name is written on the big white sign above the truck ?
what is the brand name of the toaster ?
what year is in the corner of the image ?
what is the number of the train car, painted in yellow ?
what is the first word written in white on the blue background of the monitor ?
what is the object title ?
what are the two words on the front of the telephone ?
what does the top part of the center button do ?
what does the bottom part of the center button do ?
what number is the top blue box ?
what number is the bottom blue box ?
what is written inside the circle cutout on the top blue box ?
what car company sponsored this event ?
where is no parking allowed ?
what name is under the clock ?
what is the red sign advertising ?
what is the license plate number on the red and blue car ?
what does the top sign say ?
what does the bottom sign say ?
when was this photo taken ?
what is the brand of the yellow helmet ?
what is the number on the right side of the white bus ?
where is the bus going ?
what kind of automobile is the red suv ?
what does the sign say ?
what soft drink company name is on the red disk ?
what store name appears in yellow in the background ?
what is the street name ?
what sign in below the rc logo ?
what is the class year written on the face of the clock ?
what is registration number of the plane ?
what is the name of the convenience store ?
what is the name of the bank in the photo ?
what does it say in blue and white on the bike ?
what does it say on the bottom of the bike ?
what kind of bike is this ?
what is the website adress on the white banner ?
what is the rightmost complete red word on the white banner ?
what is the first (leftmost) word on the white banner ?
what category is in the front center ?
what does the black and white sign say ?
what is written on the black clock ?
what is the license plate number of the dark car in the foreground ?
what is the license plate number of the tan car in the background ?
what word is in red lettering on the sign ?
what phrase is in black lettering on the sign ?
where was this product made ?
how much do calls cost ?
what is the number of the referee
how is this item labeled ?
wht does the yellow sign say to look for ?
what is the three digit number printed on the wall ?
how much is a single magazine in euros ?
how much are two magazines in euros ?
what is to the left ?
what is the name of the boat ?
what road ends here ?
which city name is shown here ?
what is the name of the store on the left with the black background ?
what is the caption at the bottom of the photo ?
what's the title of the red book ?
what is the bus number ?
what is the license plate of the orange and green bus in front ?
what is the number near the headlight of the orange and green bus ?
first two tiny letters on shirt ?
which skier is in the lead ?
which skier is on the same team as #29 ?
what is one of the sponsors listed on their uniforms ?
what is on the right of the man ?
what is the bus number ?
where is the bus going ?
what type of bus is it ?
what is the last 3 numbers ?
what is the name of this player
write the english term in red ?
from which city is this map ?
what company is advertised on the airplane tail ?
who owns the copyright to this image ?
what tv show is this game based on ?
where is the front bus going ?
what is written on the street ?
what is being sold here ?
what weight are the bananas being sold by ?
what is the price of the bananas per kg ?
what is the name of the store on the right ?
what is the name of the store on the left ?
what is the email listed ?
what is the make of this bus ?
what does the red sign read on the side of the bus ?
what is the license plate number ?
what color are the back of the skier's gloves ?
what is the route of the bus ?
what is the serial number of the plane ?
what is written on planes bottom ?
what is the first word of airlines name ?
what is the color of this dress ?
what color is her dress ?
what type of food is being advertised ?
what is the number of the train on the left ?
what does the sign say on the right ?
what does the sign say on the left ?
what 2 letters appear in the largest font on the front of the bus ?
what is the type in the middle of the image ?
what is the bbok name ?
what is the price of the book ?
what is the number mentioned on the book ?
how many males are in the picture ?
what does the red sign say ?
what is the larger name displayed in the corner ?
what are the blue words in the bottom corner ?
what is the name written on the bus ?
what is the bus number ?
what words are visible on the white sign in the background ?
what is the number of the bus ?
what does it say on the side of the plane ?
what store is in the building ?
what is written on the blue pad ?
what does the sticker on the sign say ?
what is the name of bakery prepared this food ?
what line is this bus running ?
what is the word on the plane ?
what is written on the green sign ?
what does the man's helmet say ?
what city is on the white sign ?
what is the name of the store ?
who has a copywrite for this photo ?
what year is shown on the screen ?
what kind of nuts are in the blue packet ?
what warning does is written on the back of this truck ?
what is the brand of the first aid kit on the wall ?
who sponsored the match ?
what is the boat number ?
what website is written on the image ?
what is the name of the appliance this woman is holding ?
what is written here ?
what is the name of the pier ?
what is written on the bottom of the sign in blue ?
what climate is the tap associated with the refrigerator described as ?
what is the number of the train ?
what is the name of the coffee shop ?
what is the name of the cafe ?
what is written on the sign ?
what is the headline of the poster (first line) ?
who runs the campaign ?
what is the team name on the bus ?
what is the city the team is from ?
what city is this parking meter located in ?
what is written in the watermark ?
what does the sign on the top right hand side read ?
what is the name of the shop ?
what company is on the umbrella ?
what is the bus number ?
how many necklaces does the man have on ?
what is written on the red traffic sign ?
`what is written on the yellow traffic sign ?
how much are items ?
what is the store called ?
in which color bus people boarding ?
where is this located ?
what name is pictured ?
what four letters can you see after "st. john's" ?
what is the number of the bus station ?
what is the technology company on the train ?
what is the letters on the tail of the plane ?
what country does the plane work for ?
what three letters are on the plane in the background ?
what word in white starts with the letter c ?
what are the 2 words on the book, that are hand written ?
what is the 1 word written on the book that is printed by a computer ?
what number is on the train engine.
what are the 2 words written on the face of the clock ?
what is the name of the store ?
what city name is written on the building ?
what street is listed on the right ?
what is the white text on the dog's collar ?
what is the word at the top of the can that starts with m ?
what is the first word on the sign ?
what number range is located on the bottom left ?
what is the number worn by the player in red ?
what is the number worn by the player in orange ?
what is the name of the photo agency ?
what does foto s.a. do ?
what company owns this photo ?
what is the name of the street ?
what type of vehicle is allowed on the right most lane ?
what is this a picture of ?
what company makes the truck depicted in the photo ?
what is the number on the door ?
what does the red sign say to do ?
what counrry is mentioned in thebtext ?
what word is used at least four times in this picture ?
what is the phone number for arial equip. ?
what word is abbreviated in this picture ?
what year was this photo taken according to the dateline ?
what brand is the beer ?
what brand is the remote control ?
which sport is he playing ?
what gender is the player ?
what is he holding in his hand ?
what is the name of the store with the red background ?
what type of services are offered from the store with the yellow store sign ?
what is the "j" word in the upper right corner ?
how much seter on bus
what is the name of bus
what is the name of the larger book under the computer ?
how many women are featured in the black book
what kind of spider is this ?
what team does the pitcher pitch for ?
what is the name of the building
what is written on the white board
what is written on the side of the suitcase ?
what number is on the corner of the box ?
what business is listed in the bottom right corner ?
what does the red and white banner read ?
what is written in white on the blue motorcycle ?
what is the sign showing you how to wash ?
what is written on the front of the building ?
whats the name of the building ?
what is the engine no. ?
what is the number of train ?
what is the white text on the red sign ?
what is the name of the store ?
what numbers are displayed on the right of the pitcher ?
what company is in the advertisement on the pitcher's left ?
what is written on the building
what is written on the sign ?
what is on the license plate on the motorcycle ?
what is the box ?
what is the phone for ?
what is the name of the tv show ?
what is the license plate of the green vehicle ?
what does it say on the yellow sign ?
what kind of simple trip planner
what is written in the start box
what is written in the end box
how many minutes do you get for $1.00 ?
what is the name on the side of the plane ?
where is the bus going ?
what is displayed on the white jackets ?
what is the number displayed on left side of the red vehicle ?
what is written on the left side of the red vehicle ?
what is the first word on the bus on the left
what type is the first word of the road this building is on ?
what is the second word of the road (lane [    ] rd) ?
is this building on a st or rd ?
what date was this image taken ?
what is the first word written on the white background on the bus ?
what country does the sign welcome the driver to ?
what brand of chocoate is sold in the image ?
what is the babies name ?
what sale is advertised for the store in the image ?
what is the norway country code ?
what is the set of letters before nor ?
what set of letters has two capitals and one lowercase ?
what kid of train service is in the picture ?
which train company is being used ?
what is the train's "plate" number ?
what type of vehicle is this ?
what is this taxi's number ?
what is the brand of hot sauce ?
what is an exciting experience ?
under the sign banning cars and motorcycles, what is the word printed at the very bottom ?
what is the street on the street sign ?
i they go left, what altitude would they reach ?
what logo is present in the picture ?
what is the name of this airline ?
what does the baseball players jersey say ?
what is the brand in the packages ?
what does the street sign say ?
what costs 3.99 ?
what number is on the jersey of the girl holding the ball ?
what is the number on the jersey of the player holding the ball ?
what is the name of the hotel ?
what city is this sign for ?
where does the road west lead ?
where does the road north lead ?
what is written on the blue sign behind the elephant ?
what number is on the paper ?
what number is on the fin of the lead plane ?
what number is on the fin of the back plane ?
what number is given on flight
what company made the sewing machine ?
what number is on the television ?
what is the name in the upper left corner of the image ?
what is the first name of the tag ?
what does this sign say ?
what should a person do when seeing this sign ?
what does this sign represent ?
what is being celebrated ?
what body organ is mentioned on the banner in the background ?
what movie is the poster of ?
who is the star in the movie poster ?
who's first name is on wall ?
what colour is the woman's bag ?
what popular body spray brand is printed on the sleeves of each player ?
what letters are printed in the circle on each players hat ?
what is the emblem name on the shirt's white sleeve ?
what is the first word on the black shirt ?
what is the name of the airline ?
what isn written in front of vehicle
what is the label above the sweets on the left ?
what is the name on the motorcycle's shock absorber ?
what number is shown on the motorcycle ?
what is the license plate of the purple bike ?
what is the last name of the batter ?
what is the number on the train engine ?
what is the sign says ?
what does it say on the white sign ?
what numbers are on the bus ?
what is the license plat number fo the white four door car ?
what is the longest display text shown ?
what is the shortest display text displayed ?
what four letters appear before bus ?
what company does the truck belong to ?
what percentage refer on top of fridge
what does the shirt say ?
what is the name of the airline ?
what name is written on the plane ?
where is capital hill neighborhood located ?
what is another name for the street bliss ct. ?
what is next to the insect to show their same size ?
what word is in the red logo ?
what number is black ?
what number is red ?
what is the college name on the sweatshirt ?
what is the name of the sporting company that is on the red sign ?
modell's is an advertisement for what type of goods ?
what color is the exterior of the cardboard box ?
what does it say on the top right  ?
what is written on this car's licence plate ?
when something is great you may call it this ?
what number is on the black shirt ?
what brand is listed on the fencing ?
q: what does st. mean? a: street
q: what letter does the street start with? a: t
what is the name written on player's jersey ?
what is the jersey number of player ?
what is the clothing brand ?
what is the year on the photo ?
what is written in wooden board
what is the number on the shirts ?
what is the number of skiers ?
what number is above twin peaks ?
what is the red street sign instructing you to do ?
what is the text in the blue sign ?
when does fonuts close ?
what does the red sign say ?
what numerical version of lightroom is on the computer screen ?
what word comes after taste ?
what color is the woman's nail polish petting the dog ?
what is the second word on the front of the player's jersey ?
what type of crab is this ?
how many players are on the baseball field ?
what does the side of the truck say ?
what is the price of the guillotine in euro ?
how much does the tractor cost in the picture ?
where is parkway motor co located ?
what is the number on the side of the train ?
what is the website watermarked in the bottom right corner of the image ?
what letters are written on  the big white box ?
how many times is the word fedex written on the chair ?
what colors are the letters, coh ?
what type of formula is this ?
what is the hashtag on the computer ?
what is the name of the airline that operate the plane ?
what is the first brand on the sign ?
what words are in yellow paint, on the sign ?
what is the first word on the sign
what does the tennis bag have written on it ?
what is the name of this shop ?
what airline does this plane belong to ?
what airline name is on the plane ?
what three letters on the aircraft stand for scandinavian airline system ?
what sponsor is advertised in the background wall ?
what is the name of bank shown  ?
what kind of market is on the right ?
what is the name of the toy on the box ?
what chocolate kept in the plate ?
what word is on the child's shirt ?
what letter is on the child's hat ?
what vitamins does it give you ?
what is the word on the yellow license plate ?
how many days are mentioned ?
what is the name of the bank ?
what is written on the front of the stand ?
what is written around the table in the front of the stand ?
wich numbers are in the top of the bus ?
what words are written in pink letters on the window ?
where is the red bus welcoming you ?
what is the name of the pub advertised on the red bus ?
what is the name of the drink ?
what is the website called ?
how many cell phones are on the table ?
what word is on the sign next to the red light ?
what number is underneath the number 65 ?
what two words are underneath the picture of the bike ?
how many windows are on benny's shop ?
what is the letter on the flog above o ?
the time ?
what does the white and black right pointing sign say ?
what does it say as a title in blue letters on the white sign ?
what is the company in the photo ?
what is the web address of the company ?
what airline is the airplane from ?
what is written on the green ensigns ?
what words are on the picture above the bed ?
what does the word on the building say ?
what is the blue bus number ?
what is the team name on the baseball jersey ?
what is the brand name listed on the white controller ?
what is the brand listed on the black device ?
what time is it ?
what do they sell next to roberto's cakes ?
weather it has close or open
what is the top word displayed on the partition ?
what is the bottom word displayed on the partition ?
what is the number in the cap
what is the name of the fruit ?
what is the first word written in white letters on a red background ?
what are the five numbers after odessa ?
what is the first word to the left of the wheelchair ?
what does the sign warn you not to forget ?
what is the title at the top of the white paper ?
what is 1 serving size ?
how many servings per container ?
how many calories in a serving ?
what is the name of the company ?
what is the name of this restaurant ?
what company is being advertised by the yellow entryway banners ?
what product is advertised on the two orange signs ?
what is the first english word written on the blue sign ?
what name do you see on a boy's shirt ?
what are the 6 characters that come after the dash at the top of the photo ?
what are the 9 characters that come before the dash at the top of the photo ?
what is the text in this image? exclude any symbols
what are the initials on the front of the train ?
what does the sign with black letter on the railing say ?
what advertiser is written on the bottom step ?
who's name is on the top of this ?
what is the name of the musician ?
what is the name of the building that is painted white ?
what website is advertised on the window ?
what is the tagline for the store ?
which red letters are on the man's green shirt ?
where is the lane closed ?
what company works in this building ?
what type of animal is it ?
what airline is displayed ?
what is the identification number of the plane ?
what spf level is the sun screen ?
what word is written above "sun block" ?
what does mw stand for ?
what is the brand name on the back of the device ?
what is the brand name of the equipment ?
what are the numbers listed below the innitials ?
what is the third word in the bottom right corner of the frame ?
what is the first name of the photographer who took this photo ?
what is the last name of the photographer who took this photo ?
what is the earliest year in the watermark ?
what is the latest year in the watermark ?
what is written in largest type on the package of toilet paper rolls ?
what is written in the back
what word is advertised in neon lights ?
what is the six-letter name of the street listed in the image ?
what is the license plate on the red bus ?
what word is written on the snake ?
what does the clock say ?
where is the mug from ?
what is the name of the bar on the right side of the sign ?
what is the smallest number on the clock face ?
what kind of food is in this picture ?
what street is the woman walking on ?
what is the name display in the picture ?
what number is display in the bus ?
what is the first word on the image ?
what is the name of the company on the front shuttle ?
what does the road sign say ?
which street is shown on the sign ?
where can i get pepsi ?
what avenue is the market on ?
what type of food comes in this package ?
what is the name on the bus ?
what brand is this watch ?
what time does the left watch say ?
what is the bus number ?
where does the bus go ?
what is the buses license plate ?
what is the name of the one brand sponsor visible in this image ?
what does it say on this building ?
what is written on the side of the plane ?
what number is the park ?
what kind of food is sold here ?
what brand is sponsored in this tennis game ?
what action is described from the first three letters of the bold, teal lettering ?
who is the author of the book ?
what does the sign say in the middle picture ?
what does the sign above the door say ?
what is the logo on the man's labcoat ?
what road is on the sign ?
what brand is the forklift ?
what is the colour of dress
what direction is the sign pointing out ?
what word is printed in white on a red background ?
what are the last two numbers on the license plate ?
what is the word after the word police on the back of the boat ?
what is the word on the boat directly below the window ?
what is the first word on the sign ?
what year is the photo ?
what is the cab number ?
what telephone number is on the cab ?
what colour is the sky
what word is listed on the blue boat ?
what is the engine number ?
what is the first word in all caps on the central arch ?
what year in on the picture
what game is being played in this image ?
what is the 3 number combination displayed in this image ?
what does the white sign say ?
what is the cost of the objects in the center of the image
what is the last word on the top line of the girl's shirt ?
what sport is being played ?
how far is santa cruz according to the sign ?
what location is 68 miles away ?
what number is on the jersey ?
what is the logo on the teddy bear's shirt ?
what does the sign by the tracks say ?
what is the name of the shop with the black background ?
what word is advertised in the window at jones ?
what city is on the jersey ?
what kind of juice is pictured here
what kind of alcohol is pictured here
what is the brand name ?
what does the sticker on the bananna say
what is the name listed in gold on the building ?
what airlines is this ?
what is the brand of this cycle ?
what is the name of the business on the sign ?
how much does a ticket cost for adults ?
how much does a ticket cost for students/seniors ?
what does it say after fly ?
what is the name of the pizza place ?
parking prevent which place ?
what number is diplayed on the right fielder's uniform ?
what is the advertisment for in the background ?
what does the bus say ?
what does the white sign say ?
what is the telephone number on the hot spot sign ?
which road is shownshown ?
planes number ?
what team is up to bat
what is the street address of the tall building in the image ?
what is the code in the bottom left corner ?
what is the white tag on the bottom left ?
what is the model of the laptop, as shown at the bottom of the screen ?
what is the blue bus' license plate ?
what is the company of the blue bus ?
what is the bus' destination ?
which airlines does that plane work for ?
who took the photo ?
when was the photo taken ?
what number is on the train ?
what number is on the post ?
what dies the little boy's shirt says ?
what number is on the truck door ?
what is the bus number ?
what is the first word to the right of the photo ?
what is below the stop sign ?
what is written on the truck ?
what is the name of the store on the far right ?
what name is on the bottom left of the picture ?
what number is on the right side of the sign ?
what is the street name on the sign ?
what is the street name on the sign ?
what is the name of the building ?
what website can i find information about new era ?
what is the name on the plane ?
what was this theater called ?
what is the first movie showing ?
what is the second movie showing ?
closest store name ?
what is the word on the green sign in the top right of the image ?
what kind of company is santa fe natural ?
how far is it to the wall ?
what is the catcher's number ?
what are the last two letters of the catcher's name ?
what station is this game being shown on ?
what is the number on the umpires sleeve ?
what team does the batter play for ?
what website is being advertised in the stands ?
what radio station is being advertised for new jersey ?
what college is being advertised ?
what amusement park is being advertised ?
what is the name of the chinese restaurant ?
what is the name of the street ?
what is written above the mott street sign ?
what's the date ?
what is the number that was dialed ?
what does the board read at the very top (in english) ?
what is the first location name on the shirt
what is the name of the second location on the shirt
what is the name of the third location on the shirt
what is the license plate number of the bike on the left ?
what letters are on the player's hat ?
what ave is named on a sign ?
what street is on a sign ?
what is the street on top of gay st ?
what kind of mushrooms ?
what is the name of the blue sex shop ?
what is the number of the bus ?
where is the bus going ?
who manufactured the bus ?
what does the card on the bottom of the side of the fridge way ?
which person is from australia ?
what is the name of the field ?
what restaurant name is on the left side of the board ?
what measurement given on board
what is the sign of board reference
what number bus is this ?
what kind of bus is this ?
who goes to town ?
what week of this women's pregnancy is it ?
what sign is displayed on the window of the handbag store ?
what does the name say above the yellow van ?
what is the route number of the bus ?
where is the bus headed ?
what is the license plate of the black car ?
what company has been cruisin' since 1936 ?
what year did robot & co start cruisin' ?
what city is this bus advertising ?
what is the word on the object ?
what is the brand of the skateboard ?
what is the name of the restaurant ?
what time do the clocks say ?
whats the number on the red sign ?
what is the number of the bus ?
what is the time shown on the clock ?
what is written on the flyer ?
what year on the red t-shirt ?
what are the numbers on train
what is the number of the pitcher ?
what sign is posted on the fence ?
what is the flight name
what is the time and date
what is printed on the large cake ?
what sport are they playing ?
what is the name of the main entrance ?
who took this photo
what year was the photo taken in
what is the airway line ?
what is written on the top of the bus ?
what is the license plate of the bus ?
what is lost on the white paper ?
what color is the dog's harness ?
what word in this picture begins with an s ?
what word in this picture begins with a c ?
what type of sauce is in the red bottle ?
what city is listed on the sign in the back ?
what word is on the white uniform shirt ?
what type of business is shown ?
what does the text say on the bottom left ?
what is on the back of the white jersey ?
what letter is on the person playing the instrument ?
i promise you are going to what ?
what is the name of the male actor on the billboard ?
whats is the store's name on the right ?
what is the maximum volumeof the bigger conical flask ?
what is the name of the pink store ?
what is the title of the webpage currently on the computer screen ?
what is the number of the train ?
what is the large white word on the train ?
what is the number written
what is written on the boat
who does the copyright belongs to ?
what type of game is this
what is the answer to 13 down
what color pen was used to pill in boxes
what year was the photo taken ?
what is the name of the photographer ?
what is written on the trailer of the truck ?
what number is on the trailer ?
what word is on the powder ?
what number is the batter ?
what name engraved on the metal ?
what brand is listed above the alligator logo ?
what hotel chain is advertised in brown and yellow ?
what age do you have to be to buy alcohol and tobacco ?
what colour is their beek
what is written in the sand
where is a good place to get a gift ?
what website can you visit to get more information about this photo ?
what is being advertised on the bid white board ?
what is the cost of 3 premium face, body or spa treatments ?
what is the phone number for mary chia ?
what does the license plate say
what are the colors
who owns the copyright to the image ?
what phrase has been painted onto the wall ?
where is this tournament being played ?
what can you buy from the shop on the corner ?
what airline owns the airplane ?
what company files this airplane ?
when is it not okay to exit here ?
what is the name of the restaurant ?
who has the copyright on the photo ?
what store is on the left ?
what is the brand name of this blender ?
what does the sign say is in motion ?
how many special bikes ?
what is the title across the top of the image ?
what is the name in red text ?
which photography firm has taken this photo ?
where is this theater ?
what movie starts friday ?
what us state is printed on the green street sign ?
what word is visible above the red vehicle ?
what is the name of the building ?
what is the function of the red button ?
what does it say on the wooden bench ?
what is the orange vegetable on the bag ?
where is the coffee mug from ?
what is the name of the airline
what is orange train's number on the front ?
which country is represented by the airline symbol that is so visible ?
how many laps are left to go ?
what team is shown on the catcher's sleeve ?
what company made the catcher's wrist brace ?
what percentage off is the clearance ?
what is written on the train ?
what brand is the camera
what is the number on the street sign ?
what is the name in the website tag ?
what time can you see on the cell phone ad ?
what does the ad claim about the phone ?
what is the brand for the ad ?
what does the text in the thought bubble on the wall say ?
what is the train number ?
what are the numbers/letters on the aircraft ?
which side of the cassette is pictured ?
what does the logo on the tail of the plane say ?
what is written on the engine of the plane ?
what company does the airplane belong to ?
during what years was the artist of this painting alive ?
what words are on the sign ?
who is the person who the man in the centerwants to get voted into the big brother house ?
what is written in white on the red sign on the window ?
what word is on the yellow sign ?
what is his name ?
what is the animal ?
where is this bus going ?
what is the name of one of the sponsors ?
what is printed inside the blue area ?
what does the label say this is designed for ?
what does the yellow card say to do ?
what is the name of this street ?
what is the website listed on the photo ?
what is the serial number of this boat ?
what does the back of the bus say ?
what is the word in the picture that starts with f
what is the bus number ?
where is the right sign pointing to ?
where is the left sign pointing to ?
what phrase is on the side of the toolkit ?
what is the brand of the drink ?
what is the first word in yellow text ?
what is the second word in yellow text ?
what store has the vertical banner ?
which store is located in the foreground ?
what is the name of the company printed on the plane ?
what are the red letters on the back of the white truck ?
what year was this for ?
what is written on the road signs ?
what is the website address below the blue bucket ?
what name is written on the stone ?
what color is the ruler ?
what kind of bus is this ?
what are the two words on the circle with mickey mouse>
what is the first word on the white circle on top of the cake ?
what number is on the baseball painted on the wall ?
what color is the bus ?
what does the licence plate say ?
what number is on the front of the bus ?
what type of vehicle is going through the arch ?
what are the letters in the top row on the sign in the upper right portion of this photo ?
how many children are getting off of the bus ?
what is the four digit number of this bus ?
what is the number for the player that is named casilla ?
what is the jet ?
what color stripes go down this train ?
what company makes the food shown ?
what kind of foods are shown ?
what word is above the green button on the meter ?
what is the speed limit ?
what is the name of the phone next to he purple one ?
what is the license plate of the blue car ?
what is one of the sponsors on the blue wall ?
what is the number in the square ?
what time is shown on the clock ?
which sections contain letters ?
which sections contain letters ?
what does the license plate on the train say ?
what district is the school ?
what is the name of the road ?
what is the sponsor logo in the background ?
what kind of wine is the front bottle
what are the two streets ?
what does the sign say ?
what year was this photo taken ?
what is the bus number that is next to the wrecked car ?
what is the number on the door ?
what is written on the top green sign ?
what type of traffic lane is in this photo ?
what does the sign say ?
what does the type say at the bottom of the train ?
what is under xo ?
what number train is this ?
what name is on the sign by the boy's knee ?
what is the name of the cafe ?
what is the last letter on the yellow sign ?
what follows bagdad on the store front ?
what is the number of the red and gold train ?
which one of the 50 us states is in the name of of the train ?
what is the number of the bus ?
what is the bus number of the bus that is behind the bus that has a sign that says "try me" ?
what is the name of the boat ?
what is written on the boat ?
what is the name in yellow on the side of the train ?
what airline flys this plane ?
what meal is inside of the red box ?
what four lettters are visible on the train ?
what does the white sign say ?
what is name of the bus
what type of bus
what is website address
what does the left banner say ?
what does the right banner say ?
what is the name of the theater ?
what does the front of the marquee say (the side that is facing the street) ?
what year is the wisconsin film festival currently celebrating ?
what is printed three times on the card above the flowers ?
what shape is suggested by the name of this company ?
what is sold by the star ?
other than beers, what is sold by the star ?
what is the date on this photo ?
what is the speed limit in this area ?
what is the last word on the bottom of the red snowboard ?
what is the brand of the motorcycle ?
what is the word on the green wall ?
what is the name written on the white sign
what name printed in the man;s t-shirt ?
what is the brand name of the cat food ?
what are the numbers on the license plate ?
what are the letters on the license plate ?
what year is listed on the irt sign ?
what year is listed in the copyright ?
what number is visible on the saddle ?
how much storage is on the cd-r ?
what is hand written on the sign on top of stop ?
where is this picture taken and located ?
what is the number of yellow bus
what text is found on the side of the bus ?
what number is on this box ?
what letter is on this box ?
what does the bottom of the snowboard say ?
what word is on the red sign ?
what is written on the sign in this picture ?
what two things are written on the red sign ?
what number is on the train ?
what emblem is shown in the top left corner ?
what is the number found on the green fence ?
what brand is advertised on the green fence ?
who took this picture ?
what date is written on the fire hydrant ?
what is written above the 7/9/06 ?
what brand of camera is the blue box ?
whats the name of the store ?
whats the brand of watch in the advertisement ?
is the security guard standing or sitting ?
what is the brand name on the bottom right side of the yellow cup ?
what number is printed on the top of the cup ?
what is the active ingredient ?
what words are displayed on the lower area of the barrel ?
what is written on the back of the bus ?
what is the license plate number of the car ?
what type of milk is shown ?
what is the capacity of the milk bottle ?
what color does the stoplight show ?
what is on the red sign ?
what is the train number
who owns the truck ?
what number is visible at the top of the fence ?
what number is the plane ?
what does it say on the hood of the truck ?
what does it say immediately over the truck in blue lettering on the yellow background ?
what comes after "the world of"
how much did this cost ?
what issue was this ?
what is written on the trailer ?
what type of business is this ?
what is the bottom word written on the blue cloud on the wall ?
what does the white sign say ?
what state is listed in the text ?
what city is listed in the text ?
what number is listed on the top of the page ?
what is the airline of the blue plane ?
u.s.air force namer
what color is the fence
how many people are in the photo
what is the special buy price ?
what number is on the front of the train ?
what is written in blue ?
what company is advertised
what is the maximum height with units ?
what is the number that shows where the bus is going ?
true or false the bread bag says pain ?
does bon appeu appear in this photo ?
what year was this photo taken ?
what is the topic discussed in the cassette ?
what side of the cassette is facing upwards ?
what is the city name for this police car ?
what color is the wonans jacket ?
what is the brand of the bus ?
what are the letters in the bottom right corner ?
what is the jersey number on the back
what is the name of player ?
what is the name on the white umbrella ?
what single digit can be seen in the website tag ?
what store is across the way whose name appears in white ?
how far away is unter den linden ?
which destination is closest ?
what does the yellow text say
what number is the batter wearing ?
what are the 3 letters on the batter's uniform ?
which of these train names is also a sign of the zodiac ?
what is the number on the sign ?
what is for life according to the sign ?
what year was the motorcycle donated ?
what month was the motorcycle donated ?
what does it say on the blue panels on the left ?
what letter in black on a yellow background, on a is visible in the background ?
what letter is visible in pink on a sticker on the front of the brown suitcase to the lefthand side ?
what color is the bus
what is the bus number
what is the name of the store in the corner ?
what is the last initial on the towel ?
what is the number of the bus ?
what is the train track number ?
what is the name on the street sign ?
what kind of establishment is betos place ?
what baseball team is on the yellow banner ?
what brand of beer has a crown over the name logo ?
which never closes ?
what do you need to be in order for the kitchen to be always open ?
what does the sticker on the bottom right say ?
what letter is featured on the tennis racquet ?
what watch maker is the sponsor of the time clock ?
what does the black text say ?
what is written on the white arrows ?
what can you expect to find in the store to the left ?
what is the name of the photography company ?
what color is the child's outfit ?
what color is the chair ?
what is the pregnant woman holding ?
what is the color of the dog ?
what website is listed in the image ?
what city is listed on the side of the bus ?
what kind of guys are these ?
what can happen if if you are not careful around the moving arm ?
what do the nutritious oils in this dressing do ?
what does this dressing add to you salad ?
what year ?
what percentage off is offered in the window ?
what is written in the advertisement board ?
slogan on shirt ?
what airline is the airplane ?
what airline is the loading staircase ?
what type of emergency vehicle is pictured below ?
what is the brand name ?
what ingredients are in the drink ?
how much is the sale at the store ?
what does the board read ?
what is written on the wall ?
what his t-shirt refer
what is the name of the ferries ?
what number is written on the post ?
what is written on the post ?
what does the yellow sign say ?
what number is on the train ?
what phrase is on the tram ?
what word is on the front of the tram ?
what is the store name on the second floor ?
what does the blue sign say ?
what is the brand of the oven ?
what is the name of the boulevard on the sign ?
what 4 digit number is written on the sign ?
what are the letters on the side of the train in yellow ?
what are the letters on the front of the train ?
what character and numbers are on the top right front of the train ?
what gate is this ?
which state is this product from ?
which organization is shown on the blue badge on the product ?
what brand is the sewing machine ?
what type of traffic signal is it ?
what type of stop signal is it ?
what does the sign say ?
what website is advertised on the bottom right corner ?
what is the brand of this surge protector ?
what is the number of the bus ?
what is written in front of the sign ?
what number is the batter ?
what number radio station is listed as a sponsor on the wall ?
what is the word written on the chest of the man in the blue jacket ?
what year was the photo taken ?
what does the black tag say ?
what is the name of the book ?
who is the author of the book ?
what is the text written on the banner ?
what store is on the bottom level of the mall ?
what is the name of the apparel retail store ?
what is the only number visible on the player's jersey ?
what company manufactured this bus ?
the shop munchies has what written in red text on the window ?
tiny letters on sweater ?
what is the doll ?
what number is in the sign
what is the first word on the sign ?
what is the brand name of the key board ?
what character name is on the fork ?
what is the number written in bold red ?
what institute is this ?
how many people are in this photo ?
what store is just here ?
what company shop has a blue sign ?
what is the website name at the bottom ?
what is the name of the photographer ?
where is this doughnut featured ?
what object do you see in the picture ?
what company's logo is on the coffee cup ?
what is the first word in white at the top of the clock ?
what is the name written on the back of the blue jersey ?
what is on the sign ?
what is the name of the air craft
what number is on the oragnger players shorts
how many people are on the soccer field
what color is the mans shirt whos carring the ball
what number is in the top left of the picture above the gray haired lady's head ?
what number is on the bus ?
what color is the bus ?
what name is printed on the back of the catcher's jersey ?
what is the name of the company in the building ?
what is the name of the store ?
what is sold in this store ?
what insurance company is referenced on the newspaper ?
what name is on the back of the grey shirt ?
what letter is on the tennis racket ?
how many people are in the picture ?
what is the name of the book being read ?
what is the preferred charge card ?
what is on the red sign on the fence ?
who is the manufacturer of the projectors ?
what website is this ?
what website is featured on the picture ?
what kind of food are they going to be cooking ?
what is the name of the wine ?
what is the top word written on the sign ?
what is written on the black part of the sign ?
what is the shortest word written on the sign ?
what numbers are on the train ?
who took this photograph ?
what year is the image copyrighted in ?
what name is on the clock
how much is water ?
what brand is the cell phone ?
who made the cell phone ?
what does the watermark say ?
what is written on the sign ?
what is the name of the street on the green sign ?
what appears below s canal st ?
what is the name of the bread ?
what do the white letters on the ground say
what is the name of the store ?
what is the trolley number ?
what is the copyright date ?
who is the photographer for this image ?
what is the photographer's website address ?
which soda is advertised in the picture
what sauce is advertised in the picture
what business name is on the tallest building ?
what does the motorbike say ?
who is the memorial in memory of ?
when did mary ann grifin die ?
how many numbers are on the wings ?
what are the numbers on the wings ?
what name is on the double dorrs ?
what item code is listed in the photo ?
what size is the item shown ?
what is the email for the company ?
what 2 streets is this at ?
what is the number above the door ?
what year is listed in the copyright ?
what number is written on the fire hydrant ?
what is the name of the website ?
what word is in the red octagon ?
what is the name of the soda in the picture ?
what car is on the wall ?
how frequently does the bus in this image appear at the same location according to its own propoganda ?
what kind of business is on the black advertisment ?
what is the street address for the entertainment business ?
what is the total bet ?
what is the balance ?
what is the game called ?
what year is listed on the tiles ?
what does the shirt say ?
what is the date this photo was taken ?
what company is branded on these towels ?
what type of vehicle is on the pier ?
what word is on the bottom of the street sign ?
what is the first word on the street sign ?
what is the first number on the street sign ?
what is the brand on the top right of the front of the van ?
what are the two letters on the van's license plate ?
what is the first name of the person who owns this photo ?
what is the last name of the person who owns this photo ?
what type of vitamin does this contain ?
what are the words on the sign under the no left turn arrow ?
what compartment is the man at the front of the train in ?
what is the number on the train ?
what is the name of the company that owns this plane ?
what is the name of the plane ?
what letters are on the poster ?
what is the yellow last word on the building ?
what is the name of the town ?
what is the phone number of the cafe huong que
is the cafe huong que open or closed
what is the name on the road sign ?
what is the title of the book ?
what food is shown on the plate ?
what white text is found above the illustration ?
what does this shop sells ?
what exercise is being shown ?
what is the name of the gas station ?
what sports team is on the guys shirt ?
what word is underlined ?
what is the name of the team the man plays for ?
what is the player's number ?
what you seen text on top right corner ?
what words are written on the middle two tiers of cake ?
what word is written on the top tier of cake ?
what word is written on the bottom tier of cake ?
what is the name of the coffee shop seen ?
what is the name of the brewery ?
what is written on the play ground
what are the first four letters of the word in the lower right hand corner ?
what two letters are listed after the dot ?
what's the brand name at the top of the ball ?
what is color of plant
what is the photography company featured in the photo ?
what does the mug say ?
what follows 'shine' on the sign on the building ?
what is the name of the shop front ?
what is are the tube shaped fruits on the bottom of the image called ?
what number iis barber shop ?
what is susans
what word is written in white on black on the skier's coat ?
what motor company is she sponsored by ?
what is the bus' licence number ?
what area does the bus travel on its route ?
who made the bus ?
what is the first word written on the mirror ?
what do they sell at the purple tent ?
what do they do in the blue tent ?
what is written on the large building ?
who says you can't park here ?
what percentage is on the sign ?
what isthe  number of the train ?
how many person are there in the pitcure ?
what color is the tracker ?
how many tires do you see ?
what school is listed on the picture ?
what department is listed on the picture ?
what year was this picture taken ?
what month was this picture taken ?
what team name is displayed on the player's jersey ?
what company name is displayed on the package of gum ?
what flavor is the gum ?
who is the manufacturer of the camera ?
what is written on the camera strap ?
what name is printed on the magazine ?
what is the name of the magazine ?
what is a brand of coffee maker ?
what is written within the speak bubble on the shirt ?
what is the name of the clothing brand ?
how much did the shirt cost ?
what words have been added to the stop sign ?
who took the photo ?
what is written on the blue board next to the man with the green hat ?
what is the word on the third board from the left ?
what word comes after 'the' on the sign ?
what is the name of the speed boat ?
what number is on the speed boat ?
what color is the speed boat ?
what brand is listed on the top of the speaker ?
what is the date
what is written on the red sign ?
what is written on the black sign ?
how many cents per pound are the bananas ?
how many dollars per pound are the mandarines ?
what does the green text word above organic say ?
what word is written above stop ?
what word is written below stop ?
what is the brand of the monitor ?
what is the name of the game on the slot machine ?
what channel is the movie on ?
what is the first word at the top ?
what is the name of the movie ?
what does not stop ?
what is the top word on the sign ?
what collection is the sword from ?
what can you play ?
what does the sign say
what brand of cough drops are on the right side of the bottom shelf ?
what year is on the glass ?
what word comes after ave
what number comes after no. ?
what food is the man eating ?
what's the third alphabet
what type of instructions are listed ?
which number does the bus have ?
what is the license plate of the vehicle ?
where is the red bus headed ?
what does the advertisement say on the side of the bus ?
what is written in the boys shirt ?
what is the bus number ?
which date is indicated in the picture
what is written there
what is the route number for bus 4306 ?
what is the number on the front of the train ?
what website is on the bottom of this image ?
what is the last word in the text ?
what number is the player wearing ?
what is the stores name on the right ?
what is the first word on the image
what street is to the right ?
what is on the white arrow ?
what street is closed ?
what word is located at the bottom of the bag ?
what color is the word at the bottom of the bag ?
what does the bus say ?
what is the bridge called ?
is this view northerly, westerly, easterly or southerly ?
what is the players team number ?
what is the beer company sponsoring this team ?
what color is this sign ?
what do we know about the knife at the top of the image ?
what do we know about the knives at the bottom of the image ?
what number is on the back of one man's white shirt ?
what is the name of the summit the backpack is from ?
what size number is the muzzle ?
what is the 5 digit item number listed on the package ?
what is the code written on the end of the aircraft ?
what is the restaurant name ?
what is the building name next to the restaurant ?
what letters are visible on the shirt of the girl holding the drink ?
what building number are the giraffes by ?
what kind of food is this ?
who is the manufacturer of the smartpower blender
what is the name of the cuisinart blender ?
what was the brand and model of the blender ?
what is the blue book on the top self says
what kind of film was used ?
what is the name of this hotel ?
who took this photo ?
what platform is the train currently at ?
what is the number printed on the train in the image ?
what brand is the blue plane ?
what is the airport terminal name ?
what number is on the white building ?
what store has a blue sign ?
which store logo is blue ?
what is the name of the store on the bottom floor with a white logo ?
what color is the bus ?
how many cheerleaders are there ?
what is written on the front of the bus ?
who is the copyrighted photographer of the image ?
what website is listed ?
whose catering company owns this truck
what does linda's company do ?
what type of handbook is it ?
what type of cereal is on top of the fridge ?
what name is on the logo at the bottom on the train ?
what company besides amtrak is advertised ?
what year was this photo taken ?
who took this photo ?
what is the brand of the homogenized milk ?
which spice is furthest to the right ?
what is written on the plane ?
what is written on the green shirt ?
what is written on the red canister ?
what place does the sign board showing ?
what number is shown in the sign board ?
what number is the batter ?
what is the name of the airline ?
what is the website listed ?
what is the name of the shop on the top floor ?
what logo is on the coffee cup ?
what water brand is advertised ?
which famous street in america, according to these road signs, is close to broadway ?
what button is on the right ?
what label stick on bottle
what is number plate of train
where the train is going
what is written on the orange wall ?
what does the green sign say ?
what has been written beneath the stop sign ?
what is the company sponsor featured on  bottom center portion of the motorcycle ?
what is the company sponsor featured in the blue and black logo on the main part of the morotrcycle ?
how many players on  the field
is the name mark clarkson visible in this photo ?
what stadium ?
what does the water tower say ?
what street signs are seen ?
what is the name on the tail of the plane ?
what number is displayed on the right player ?
according to the packaging, what type of nut is inside this product ?
what is the name of the event shown ?
what is the name of one of the sponsors of the event ?
what is the website name
what is number of the plane
what is written on the side of the bus ?
what is the name of the school ?
what is in the white and blue bag to the far right of the image ?
how many people are in this picture ?
what is the soda company in the right window ?
who photographed this picture and is credited on the bottom right of the photo ?
what city name is written on the umbrella ?
what are the crab packing to ?
how large are the crabs ?
how much does the 48 hour pack cost ?
what is the website address on the picture ?
what is written in yellow on the board ?
what is the identification number on the side of the ship ?
what car is this train ?
what animals are there in the picture ?
what text is on the plate ?
what are the last four numbers on the bike's license plate ?
what is the number on the jersey ?
what is the name of the store where he is shopping  ?
what is the color of the snake ?
what do you call this snake ?
which organic food group is mentioned on the backdrop ?
what is the first name on the bottom of this photograph ?
what type of workshop does the sign show ?
what is the author's first name ?
what is the author's last name ?
what brand name is on the plane ?
what saints name is in this photo ?
what are the 3 letters written above "the french" ?
what are the 3 digits visible behind the lady, written after "tel." ?
what is the color of the plane ?
what is written on the plane ?
what is the name of the airplane ?
what is in the package on the upper right ?
how much does the salad cost ?
what type dresses are sold at this store ?
do they sell anything besides dresses ?
what number is on the baseball players jersey ?
what is the address given in bus
what number given on bus
which year is given
what is the license plate number ?
whayt brand is the truck ?
what word is on the riders pants ?
what is the license plate number on the van ?
what is the word on the left border at the top of the border around the image ?
what is the word on the right border at the top of the image ?
what is the word that is upside down on the image's border in the top right corner ?
what is the name of the oil company ?
what does the banner in the upper corner say ?
what number is on the black jersey ?
who took this picture ?
what type of photography does purple martini do ?
what is written in black letters ?
what is written on dinning table
what does the sign say ?
what does the sign say ?
what does the sign in green letters read ?
what is the word under the red plus sign ?
what are the words on the sign seen over the man's shoulder ?
what does the octagonal red sign say ?
what type of sale is this ?
what is the second digit in the platform number for the red train ?
what does the writing on the side of the bus say ?
what are the last two letters on the tail of the airplane ?
what does #21's shirt say ?
what is the name of the bar ?
who click this photo ?
what word is on the large vertical sign ?
what is the address on the overhang ?
what does the sign that is under the overhang say ?
what is the last name of the player on the right ?
what does tinder box sell ?
what is the name of the store ?
what brand of trucking is shown ?
what is the word in the corner of the image ?
what kind of car part are these items ?
who is the manufacturer of the oil filters ?
what is the brand of soda ?
what is being celebrated ?
how old is this person turning ?
what is the name of the book ?
what is the name of the building ?
what is the title of the photo ?
where is the location of this photo ?
what is the brand name on the buses ?
what does the largest red sign say ?
where is the bus going to ?
what is the bus number ?
what does it say on the net's circled sign ?
what is this roads name ?
what is the license plate number ?
what is the number of the red bus ?
what company does the tow truck belong too ?
what do the top red letters read ?
what is the last word on the nose of the airplane ?
what arena is this hockey puck from ?
what is the cost of bananas
what are the 3 letters on the plate ?
whatwhat color is the crosswalk
what color are the trees
where is the man in the picture heading to ?
what is written in white on the orange board ?
what is the name on the bottom of the flag ?
what combination of letter and numbers are on the skiers shoulders ?
where is the candy bar located ?
what type of restaurant is behind the parked bikes ?
when was this picture taken ?
which company took this picture ?
what word is written on the metal
what is written on the paper
what does the sign say below the clock ?
what text is under the logo
what word is displayed on the surfboard stand ?
who is the photographer that took this picture ?
what is the name on the bottom of the snowboard in the foreground ?
what is the name on the bottom right of the picture ?
what figure is written on the tag ?
from which country is the pasport
what is written in green ?
what is written in red ?
what company is written on the plane
what text is on the plane ?
how many forks are in the picture ?
how many spoons are in the picture ?
what is the sign of board reference ?
what is the name above the key ?
what is the name of the store selling head accessories ?
what is the building number ?
q: what company is the van from? a: tnt
what is the license plate of the police motorcycle ?
what is the name of shop
what they sale
what is the size of shoes given
what is the bus number of this bus ?
what is the red word on the sing on the right ?
what is the name on the column ?
what word is enclosed in the box ?
what brand is the yellow shirt ?
what is written on the green sign ?
what text appears on the red arrow ?
what exit number is shown ?
what highway continues to the left ?
what street is at this exit ?
what is the tv brand name ?
whats the truck's color ?
what company makes this can opener ?
what color is this caboose ?
what are the two large letters on the side of the caboose ?
what are the numbers below the letters ?
what is the name on on the truck
what type of truck it this
what is the license plate #
what is written on the image ?
what designations are shown on the front of the train to the far left ?
what designations are shown on the lower front of the train to the far right ?
what number is below half st ?
what is does the white text say ?
what does the text in blue say ?
what business would i reach if i called (415) 970-1015 ?
what is the green bus number ?
what is the red bus number ?
where is the green bus going to ?
what is the sign of flight refer
what is the name of the street ?
what number is on the man's jersey ?
what are the words on the yellow monkey fruit ?
what does the banana say ?
what is the website on the advertisement ?
what is the sign to the left advertising ?
what number is on the front of the motorbike ?
what clinic is one the left ?
what is the text on the bottom right of the image ?
what company is referenced in the lower right-hand corner ?
who is in the photo ?
what is the brand name of the blue shirt ?
what clothing company is displayed on the blue shirt ?
what is the train id number ?
what is the red street sign asking you to do ?
what does the white flag with red letter say ?
what is the license plate of the leading, red car ?
what is written on the container with the silver top ?
how many cups can the clear container hold ?
what is the train number ?
what is the name of the store ?
what is written on the tire ?
what is the name of the bike ?
what brand is the bike tire ?
what is the name of the location they are at ?
what river does this bridge cross ?
what county is the willamette river located ?
what is the name of launchpad as written on the wall ?
what is written in the window of the bus ?
what is the number on the bumper of the bus ?
what is written on the back door of the bus ?
what timezone is the clock tracking ?
what is the number bordered by orange ?
what does the text bordered by green say ?
what is the name of the orgainziation ?
what is the brand of the sharpener ?
what is the brand name on the truck ?
what is the name on the top of the train ?
what three letters are on the side of the train ?
what does the largest sign say ?
what website owns this image ?
what is the name of the company truck ?
what word is on the white and black shoe in the mifddle
what is written on the numbers ?
where is the license plate from ?
what does the license plate say ?
what is written on the side of the bird box ?
what is written on the side of the plane ?
what logo is in black print ?
what sponsor is in red letters ?
what year is depicted in this image ?
what is the largest word on the red sign ?
for utc how much is the private master suite per month ?
which number must be called in case of emergency ?
what brand of controller is being used ?
which type of vehicle taking another vehicle ?
what is written in front of bus  ?
what brand of vehicle is the red vehicle ?
what shop is written on the top left ?
what is the name printed on the red sign ?
what is the name of the novel ?
who is the author ?
what cat brand is shown on the tin top ?
what beverage is showing a label with the food ?
what does his shirt say ?
what type of bird is this ?
who took the photograph ?
what year was the photo taken ?
what is listed largely on the side of the truck ?
what is the name of the shop in the image ?
what is one thing displayed in this picture ?
what is on the bus display ?
what kind of car is in the picture ?
what does the sign say to stop doing ?
how much off is posted on the sale sign ?
what are the letters on the insignia ?
what is the title of the paper in the bottom right corner ?
what is the cloth used for ?
what is the brand name ?
what fruit is the wine ?
what are the two letter written in white on the side of the ramp ?
what word comes after body ?
what percentage off is this sale ?
what word is listed twice ?
what is the word that begins with "m" ?
what is written on the side of the black car ?
how much does the biscotti cost ?
how much does the mini krapfen cost ?
what is the name of the store shown ?
what is the country name in his shirt ?
how many year ?
what phone number is listed on the box ?
what road is wegman's nursery on ?
what does it say on the box above the web address ?
what is the second word on the sign to the left of the image ?
what street name does the signpost say ?
what is the country on the orange sign ?
what is written at the top of the vehicle ?
what is the name of the bus company ?
what does the big sign with white words and red background say ?
what is title associated with gloucester ?
what is the name of the street ?
what are the two letters on the red sign ?
what country is printed in the top right corner ?
which words are place names ?
what city is printed on the square white sticker ?
how many rolls come in a package ?
what is the underlined white words ?
what is written in bold capitals on the top 2 lines ?
what herb is on the parmesan bagel ?
what is written left side corner
what is being advertised on the far left ?
what does the watermark in the bottom right corner of the picture say ?
what does the bottom of the snowboard say ?
where is this traffic light located ?
what is the word surrounded by red
what is the number of the green motorcycle
what word can you see three (3) times ?
what store is on the right ?
what restaurant is depicted in yellow and white text ?
what kind of key is needed ?
what is the brand name printed on the sign and the two spice bottles in the background ?
what is printed on the lower left corner of the placemat beneath the plate ?
what is printed within a red background on the lower right corner of the placemat ?
what does the sign say ?
what is the brand of the caera in the image ?
what sport is he playing
what does the match timer say
how many towels do you see ?
what word in red is on the bottom right of the picture ?
what is written on the shirt of the man in red ?
what number is printed over the doorway ?
who is the writer of the book the counterfeit guest that is shown in the photo ?
what is the name of the book written by nick mcdonell that is shown>
what is the name of the book written by james meek that is shown ?
how many miles is liverpool ?
what word is above ontario ?
what word is below rue ?
what is the name of this country ?
what is written in this advertisement board ?
what is the team name on the uniform ?
what are the sponsors' letters in the light green box ?
what is the bus number ?
what is the brand of the cans that the men are standing on ?
what is the speed limit ?
what type of spice is it
which brand is it
what is the net wt
how much of a discount is offered here ?
what is the name of the boat ?
what is written in white capital letters on the front of the boat ?
what is written on the building ?
what is the four-letter word on the blue signs ?
what does the first chart on the left say at the top ?
what is written on the licence plate ?
what is written on the blue part of the sign ?
what number is the train ?
what is the first letter of the los angeles catcher's name ?
who is the sponsor on the back wall ?
what is written in white on the bus ?
what is written on the front of the blue bus ?
what store sells vries shirts ?
what is the magazine name on the table ?
what is the name of the manufacturing company that made this truck ?
what capital letters are written on the purple sign ?
what does the red and white sign on the right read ?
what is written in front of the train ?
what is written on the display window ?
what time is shown for the train leaving to uitgeest ?
what is the platform number ?
where is the final destination of the train ?
what does the left neon sign say ?
what year is listed as the copyright ?
who submitted this picture ?
what is the name of this airline ?
what is the number of this train ?
what model number is shown after the word "vocalist" ?
what is written on the red sign ?
what word is on the dog's harness ?
what year is on the bottle ?
what word comes after pinot on the bottle ?
what is the name of the store shown ?
whats the name of the kiosk ?
what is the number shown on the back of the batter's jersey ?
what is the name shown on the back of the batter's jersey ?
where is this photo from ?
how many people are playing frisbee ?
what is the name of the organization on the sign ?
who made this laptop ?
what is the first letter on the screen ?
when can you stop here ?
what is the queens name that is on this boat ?
what popular internet search engine is advertised here
what is the black text on the license plate ?
what kind of soda does this machine vend ?
what is the jersey number of the player to the left ?
what is the name on the front of the jersey on the player to the right ?
what is the name printed on the back of the player to the left's jersey ?
what is the city name in image ?
what is the bus number ?
what two readable letters are being reflected in his glasses ?
what website address is in the image ?
who took the picture ?
what number is on the bottom sign ?
what city is on the sign ?
what is the sign of 1st board refer
what is the sign of 2nd board refer
what is the company of the train ?
what word is located below three triangles red, whit and blue ?
what number is on the batter's jersey ?
what word can be found on the wall in the bull pit, above the photographer with the white camera ?
what is the license plate number ?
what airline is this plane for ?
what is the number on the school bus ?
what is the breed of dog that is shown in the photo ?
what is the average life expectancy for this breed of dog ?
what sport is he practicing ?
what colour is he wearing ?
what type of sauce is the jar ?
what is with the sauce ?
what is the net weight in g ?
do the letters jsd appear on this image ?
how much do blood orange doughnuts cost ?
what is the name of the place that made this wine ?
what is the license plate of the bus ?
what is the license plate of the bus ?
what kind of dog is this ?
what is the name of the fruit ?
what is the name of the spread in the container ?
what does the sticker on the front of the truck say ?
what is the name of the company owning this plane
what is the website advertised ?
what brand is advertised behind the player ?
what country is this plate from ?
what is the licence plate number ?
what is displayed in this picture ?
which direction can cars not turn ?
what is written on the tail of the white plane ?
what is written on the red tail of the second plane ?
what is this brand ?
what number is on the front of the train ?
what type of resturant is behind them ?
what word is printed on the green shirt ?
what number is on the  jersey ?
what animal is this ?
what company made the accordian ?
what year is the picture copyright ?
what brand of camera is being used ?
what is the players number ?
what team is the pitcher with ?
what is the brand of this product ?
what is written below the logo ?
what is the player's jersey number ?
what number is on his shirt ?
what time was this photo take ?
was this photo taken during am or pm ?
what does the guy's shirt say ?
what text is on the building sign ?
what is the destination of bus route 450 ?
what is the measurement unit ?
what is the name of the vegetable that has its price listed on the lower shelf ?
what should you watch ?
what is sweet ?
what is written on the side of the bus ?
what is the name of the street ?
what sport is being played in the image ?
what team in the player with the bat playing for ?
what does the red portion of the sign say ?
what street is this subway stop for ?
what avenue is this subway stop for ?
what is available in the office ?
what word does the bus sign say below the icon of the bus ?
what the name of the restaurant
what does the sign say in the top of the middle image ?
how many persons appear in the picture ?
how many animals are pulling the cart ?
what does the octagonal red sign say ?
what video game console is being played? a: wii
what is the name on the top sign ?
what is the first word on the sign ?
what is written on the sign
what airline does this plane belong to ?
what letters are written on the tail of the plane ?
what letters represent on the aircraft represent koninklijke luchtvaart maatschappij airline ?
what does the sign above the stove say ?
what does this man's hat say ?
what does it say on the black boarder of the photo booth ?
what does the black sticker say.
what does the top sign say ?
what does the bottom sign say ?
which sign says 'ave' ?
what is written on the blue backbord
what city is listed on the clock ?
what is the only readable word on the man's shirt ?
what is does the sign below the clock say in bold letters ?
what is the name of this subway station ?
what number is on the car ?
what is the largest name located on the restaurant sign ?
what is the street name listed on the top of the two street signs ?
what is the street name listed at the bottom of the two street signs ?
what sport is being performed in this picture ?
what city team is it ?
what is the name of the restaurant at the top of the image ?
what telephone number is listed at the bottom of the menu ?
what is the number that is printed on the bus window ?
what country is shown here ?
what is the word to the right of the copyright logo ?
what does is say on this buses blue sign in white capital letters ?
what is written on the red traffic sign ?
what color is sale! written in ?
what color is around sale! ?
how many letters are in the picture ?
what is the name of the photographer that took this photo ?
what is the bus number ?
what is the license plate number ?
what amusement park is mentioned on the banner in the stands ?
what isnt allowed in the upcoming area ?
what is written on the side of the train ?
what does this sign in front of this building read ?
what is the number of the taxi cab ?
which country is this used in ?
how many windshield wipers are on the vehicle ?
what type of business is on the corner of the street ?
what year was the monticello convention held ?
what word is on the train ?
what is the name on the yellow shop ?
what brand is the surf board ?
what letters are showing at the top of the image ?
what does it say on the sign ?
what does the largest word on the plane say ?
what word is on the poster ?
what is the bus number ?
what is the shop called ?
what is the name of the airline on the plane
what is the distance of the two roads merging  ?
during what year was this image copyrighted ?
what station is this train stopped at ?
what is written on the wings of the jet fighter planes ?
which airline is this ?
what color shirt is the man ordering tickets wearing ?
what color tie is the man on the left wearing ?
what type of remote is in the packaging ?
what is the name on this stocking ?
how many shower caps are in this package ?
what is written on the sign ?
what is the number of the skier out in front in the picture ?
what is the first word on the plane ?
what is the middle word on the plane ?
what is the last word on the side of the plane ?
what name is in the logo on the man's shirt ?
what company name appears on the man's hat ?
what letters appear on the lower right corner of the picture ?
what number is in the photo ?
what is printed on the car's license plate ?
what is the brand name on the umbrellas ?
what is the name of the plaza on the sign ?
what is the first word written in white at the bottom of the bus ?
what is the name of the company building ?
what is the name of the magazine ?
what is the word on ths sign in this picture ?
what is the brand of gum ?
what number is on the front of the bus ?
what port is the bus parked in front of ?
what is written on the rear section of the airplanes wing ?
what does the text on the shirt say ?
what food is pictured here ?
where is this bus headed ?
what company runs this bus ?
what is the word on the back left of the bus ?
when is the morning rubbish collection ?
when is the evening rubbish collection ?
what does the green sticker on this sign say ?
who took this photo ?
what city is referenced on the man's shirt ?
what is written in green on the side of the bus ?
what is the name of the baby care system ?
how many bicycles are there ?
what is the hot air balloon advertising ?
what company is sponsoring the hot air balloon ?
what are the blue printed words on the hot air ballon ?
who holds the copyright ?
what is the name of the train operator ?
what street is shown ?
what is the sign refer
what does csa stand for ?
what does the text in white say ?
what sport is being played ?
is this a child or adult game ?
what color is their uniform ?
what text is on the bottom of the product ?
what does the monument sign say ?
what team is on the tshirt ?
what is the first word seen on the display ?
who took this photo ?
what does the red sign say ?
where is this picture taken ?
what number is written on the sail ?
what letter is near the top of the sail ?
what fuel does the truck run on ?
what year is timestamped on the photograph ?
what agency captured this picture ?
what company owns this photo ?
what is the website listed on the bottom of the photo ?
what number is the player wearing ?
where is the tram travelling to ?
which country's government is referred to in this image ?
what is the name for the silver object in the image ?
what is the name of the restaurant
what letter is in red ?
what does the smallest text say ?
what letter is in pink ?
what is this plane's license number ?
what is written on the top sign ?
what do the signs say ?
what is the truck's license plate number ?
what is the web url shown ?
what does the red sign read ?
what number is the bus
what word is in the top left corner ?
what booth are the guests visiting ?
what is the train number
what are the words on the bus ?
what is the red vehicle in the photo ?
what is this buses number ?
which number is a part of an add on the side of the bus ?
what company is this ?
what color is the sign in this picture ?
what color is the text on the sign ?
what is the largest word on the back of the blue shirt ?
what number is on the front of the train ?
what are the 5 letters at the very top of the image ?
what type of gas is found under the 4 stars ?
what city is this ?
what are the letters on the blue shirt ?
what brand is this product ?
what pain should you stop ?
what is the building labelled by the sign ?
what color is the bus
where is it going to
what is the bus number
what is the photo tag ?
what products does this store sell ?
what is written on the green boat ?
what is written on the blue boat ?
what year was this photo copyrighted ?
what does the sign in the bus say ?
what company is on the van ?
what is the brand of that truck ?
what is the model of the truck ?
what is the license plate of the truck ?
what is the name of this store ?
what service is provided while you wait ?
what is the name of the boat in the picture ?
what number is displayed on the front of the building ?
what is the place listed above the witch character ?
what is the copyrights to this picture ?
what is the company name of the bus ?
what kind on vehicle is this  ?
what do the four yellow signs say ?
what is written on the bike ?
what brand is carried by the blue truck ?
what is the brand off the white car
what do the biggest letters on this bus say ?
what brand name is on the bag ?
how much protein does the food contain per 100 grams ?
what company plane is this ?
what is the gate number ?
what do the street signs read ?
what is the brand of the computer to the far right ?
what is the name of the weekly newsmagazine
what cream cheese is there ?
what is the word that is displayed inside the red circle ?
what brand of phone is this ?
what does the top street sign say ?
which street sign is higher than the other ?
what does the logo in the image say ?
what does the bench say ?
how is the food seasoned ?
what words present in the banner
which australian region offers food similar to what you might find at this restaurant ?
where is the location on the map ?
what is the title of the blue sign ?
this red sign displays which brand name ?
what two actions are not allowed in this specific location ?
what is the text at the bottom of the back of the vehicle
what is the number on the sticker on the left-backside of the truck
what is the brand name of the punching bags ?
what is the bus number ?
what is the word written on the chair
what number is on the top of the train ?
what does the front of the train say ?
what is the name of the bus
what is number of the bus
what is letter written behind the bus
what number is the train ?
what team is on his shirt ?
what is written in green on the white food truck  ?
what is the name of the store in the background ?
what text is displayed on the bottom right ?
what text is seen as heading on the blue book ?
what is the photographers name ?
what is the first blue letter on the plane ?
what word is displayed on front of the bobsled ?
a king is married to a what ?
what type of drink is there ?
what is inside the brown case ?
what word is printed in red ?
who's name is in the title ?
what is the first name on the tag? ?
what car manufacturer name is printed in the car ?
what is the name of the food truck ?
what is the word shown in the blue neon sign box ?
where was the wine bottled ?
what is the red sign ?
what movie is advertised on the window  ?
what is the name of the street ?
which city is it ?
who sponsers this event ?
what word comes after madison square ?
what text is on the black sign ?
what text is on the red sign ?
what is written in block lettes on the bike ?
what store is that ?
what type of aveda store is that ?
what is the license plate of the blue bus ?
what is written in front of the blue bus
what is the first word on the remote ?
what number is on the tractor ?
what is this animal ?
when was this picture taken ?
what is on the bus ?
who is the house being sold by ?
what number is on the sign ?
what text message is written on the pink phone ?
what color is the tennis ball ?
what name in the figure ?
what model car is sold at this location ?
who is the photographer ?
what word is on the warning sign ?
what is the number of the train in the foreground ?
what drink brand is advertised on the green umbrella ?
what is listed on the white street sign ?
what is the name on the building ?
what does the sign say ?
how many childrens on there
what the children wear on head
how many peoples on there
in what city is this fire station ?
what is the station number on the building ?
who is the photo copyrighted to ?
what year was this photo copyrighted ?
what word is on the front of the bus ?
what is the brand of the tool set ?
what does the neon sign say ?
what is the name of the airline displayed on the tail fin of the airplane ?
what is the clock brand being advertised in the background ?
which country is the castle located ?
what is written inside the octagon ?
what food will she travel for ?
what are the first 3 numbers on the taxi's license plate ?
what is the title of the sticker on the taxi front door ?
what does word is on the red sign ?
which street is in the 1000 direction ?
which street is in the 150 direction ?
what is the number of the bus ?
what is the letter on the player's hats ?
what product is shown in the image ?
how much does the product weigh ?
what is the big word on the white sign ?
what name is on the building ?
what is the name of the business ?
what is the name of the building?"
what is the number on the train ?
what brand of car is on the sign ?
the building is for the reserve bank of which country ?
what is the title given to this photo ?
where was the photo taken ?
what is the name of the soccer club shown on the board ?
what store in on the right ?
what kind of fuel should only be used ?
what number is inside of the heart ?
what does it say on the sign ?
who is the manufacturer of the items ?
what website is displayed ?
what is the name of the bookstore ?
who are they looking to hire ?
what is the name on the side of the bus ?
what business is the man with the phone in front of ?
where is this bus going ?
what number is before the word fullerton ?
what number is in the window of the bus ?
who took this photo ?
what letters are written on the wall in red ?
what is the car model name displayed across the top ?
what does the blue text displayed across the top say ?
what abbreviated letters are written on the license plate ?
what word is printed on the red sign ?
who wrote the human fly
what does the light blue banner read ?
what is the worker holding ?
what country is on the signs ?
what does the green sign say ?
what does the blue sign say ?
what medical company is advertised on the light blue sign ?
what tv company is advertised on the red sign ?
what does w.b.mason sell ?
what word is written on the yellow tarp ?
what is the sign number for marina bay ?
what is the sign number for dhoby ghaut ?
what is the month during which this competition is taking place ?
what is the year during which this competition is taking place ?
what is the name of the club that is hosting this competition ?
what is the brand name of the right-most remote ?
what is the name of the bus company ?
what is the building ?
what kind of monster is it ?
how many calories per serving does this product have ?
what is the listed serving size on the label ?
what number is displayed on the black sign ?
what is the name of the store behind all these dipshits ?
what number is werth wearing ?
what colour is thewall
what is written in the picture
what is the abbreviated day of the week ?
who is the maker of the watch ?
which word appears on the yellow sign on the left ?
what is the name of the avenue on the bottom street sign ?
what is the route displayed at the top of the bus ?
what is the first name written at the bottom ?
what type of ovens are in the store ?
what brand of appliances are available ?
what cartoon character is on the mug ?
what you seen text in scat board stage ?
what movie is advertised on the bus ?
what is advertised below the clock ?
what is the name of the player in #22 jersey ?
what does the warning sign ask you to do ?
how much euors are the pendant watches ?
what does the bigger sign say ?
what is the name of the building
who won ?
what is the yellow word on the red sign ?
what is the first word in the website tag ?
what vintage poster is on the wall ?
what website do i go to ?
what does the banjo label say ?
what number is the needle pointing closest to ?
what is the price listed on the "special offer" sign ?
what type of bra is advertised ?
what kind of bra is shown ?
what is the name of the street ?
what is the number on the street sign ?
what is printed on the bottom of the snowboard ?
how many vehicles are in this picture ?
what amusement park is written above the large sphere ?
what word is next to the arrow pointing left ?
what word is next to the arrow pointing right ?
what is the first word after the box that is marked ?
what is the name on the backpack ?
what word is located on the bus tire ?
what is the phone number for the food truck ?
what type of food is served from the food truck ?
what is number on white shirt
how many sides are on the stop sign
what brand is depicted here ?
what percentage of your daily fiber needs does this food supply ?
what country is the airline from ?
which company is this plane working for ?
what word is in the red bird on the planes tail ?
what do the words say on the front of the bus in green ?
how many wheels of the bus are visible ?
what is the brand name on the egg carton ?
how many eggs are in the egg carton as shown on its lid ?
what is the black train's number ?
what is mini ?
which word is shown at the top of the watch ?
what time is shown on the watch ?
what is the date shown on the watch ?
what company makes this product ?
what flavor is this product ?
what does the white banner say ?
what does the blue banner say ?
what is the company ?
what locations are shown in the upper left portion of the picture ?
what other url is shown on the banner with the blue background in the upper left portion of the photo ?
what is available for purchase in the building across the street ?
what is the model number of the street light ?
what does the octagonal sign direct you to do ?
what is the name of the business that operates out of this building ?
what is the last name of the photographer who shot this photograph ?
what company branded this toy ?
what dish is the sauce for ?
what is the first word of the brand name of the can ?
what is the name on the red sign ?
how many cats are there ?
what does the text say ?
what is the name of the bus' tour company ?
where does the tour take place ?
what is the name of the company in the building on the right
what type of business is north moore ?
what team does the boys with yellow shirts play for ?
what is the name of the inn ?
what does it say on the side of the bus ?
what is the watermark written on the lower left hand corner of the image ?
q: what brand of jeans is the skater wearing? a: element
what is the brand name of this product ?
what is written in red in the black ring around the bottom ?
what is the sign of board reference ?
what does it say on the boat
what six numbers are visible ?
where is the train headed to ?
what word is printed on the from of the dirt bike ?
what sports team is the boy's t-shirt advertising ?
what does the tail of this airliner have on it ?
what does it say in the tower ?
what brand is the crockpot ?
what is the first word after the copyright symbol ?
what is the second word after the copyright symbol ?
what is the full url listed ?
how many tracks are at the railway crossing ?
what is the beand written in the front of the locomotive ?
what is the number written on the locomotive ?
whats the name of the hotel ?
what does the shirt say ?
what company took the picture ?
what kind of photography does purple martini do ?
what does the sign say ?
what clothing company typed on the woman's shirt ?
what is written on the top sign ?
what is written on the bottom sign ?
what is being sold at the counter ?
what is written on the building on the right ?
what color is the stripe on the blue shirts/
how many players are there ?
what is the top word on the sign ?
what is the number on the side of the train ?
what does the white sign say on the motorcycle ?
what does the black sign say on the motorcycle ?
what color is the stop light ?
what does the green banner say ?
what does the beige sign say ?
what is the street name ?
which is the avenue ?
what is the name of this barleywine ?
what is listed on the tail of the bottom plane ?
what does the red sign say ?
what is written on the lable
what is the ear tag number of this cow ?
what is on the back of the plane ?
what is this function showcaseing ?
what is the brand name on the projector ?
what number is on the bus
what is the bus location route
what brand of shoes are shown on the sign ?
who took this photograph ?
what is written at the bottom of the image ?
what number is visible on the digital display ?
what is the switch currently set on ?
what word appears below the word 'room' ?
who is the manufacturer of the box of paper ?
what store is in the image ?
which is the number written on the t-shirt ?
what tow numbers come after 50 ?
what number is on the man's jersey ?
what type of bus is shown ?
what is the tooth brush brand ?
what is the name of the product in the green container ?
what watermark is displayed ?
what zone is in the green circle ?
what stop is depicted ?
what kind of building is the right building ?
what is the number on the back of the bus ?
what is the first word written at the bottom of the image ?
what phrase is printed on the garbage container ?
what is the quote on the trash bin ?
what time does the clock display ?
what is the name of vehicle ?
what bold word is dark blue on the blue bag ?
what letters are in the middle of the globe ?
what is the cost of vermut ?
what is the cost of vi missa ?
what is the cost of blanc ?
what is the brand of the planes/
where is the stop sign ?
what the yellow words say ?
what is printed on the left side of the cup ?
what is printed on the right side of the cup ?
what is written on the runway marker ?
what is the name of the library ?
what does the traffic sign say ?
what is written on the front of the shirt ?
what does the sign with the arrow read ?
what number is the higher jumper wearing ?
what is written on the airplane ?
what letter is on the side of the black box ?
what is the second word written at the bottom of the image ?
what does the billboard says that starts with letter v
what street was this image taken near ?
what is the speed limit ?
what is the name of this street ?
what is the traffic advice on the sign ?
what is the white bus numner/
how many people are standing outside the bus ?
what is written in the front of white bus ?
how many ml can this container measure ?
what number is written on the bat ?
what board game is being played ?
what is the name of this shop ?
what is this building called ?
what store is on the corner ?
what school is nearby ?
what is the text on the license plate ?
what is the name of the hotel ?
what does the octagonal red sign say ?
what type of car is passing by ?
what time is it ?
what day of the week is it ?
what percentage is the battery at ?
what part of the military does this plane belong to ?
what letter is in the center of the plane ?
what is the website written on the bottom left corner ?
how much is the tavuk doner on the food cart ?
what word is below the eggplant in the image ?
what number is on the horse rider ?
what is the website on the wall ?
what country is the manual from ?
what date is displayed in the picture at the bottom left hand corner ?
what is the brand name ?
what time is displayed on the clock ?
what is written on the blender ?
what number is shown on the jersey ?
what kind of spice chai is this tea ?
what is the net weight in oz ?
what brand of skis is the man wearing his sunglasses carrying ?
what is the name of the guest house ?
what letters appear on the wall behind the cow ?
what is the name of the course ?
what year is this ambergate carnival ?
where can you find the salty dawg saloon ?
what year was rory's established ?
what is the brand of this product ?
what does the label in the lower left hand corner indicate ?
what is trader joe's organic sugar made of ?
what is the bus number ?
where can the letters alu be found in this photo ?
what does the sign at the top of the restaurant read ?
what is the first word on the magazine title ?
what are the last two words of the magazine title ?
what brand is the television commercial for ?
what number is on the bike ?
what county is this bus from ?
what is the letter written on the baseball caps ?
what movie are these donuts from ?
who's name is on the picture ?
what year would you say this picture was taken ?
what's the complete text in the photo ?
what is the sign of board reference ?
what is the text in the picture ?
what is the animal eating
what is the speed limit ?
what does the yellow street sign say ?
what number is above the bald mans head ?
what is on the young mans shirt ?
what is the number on the building ?
what is the brand name of the hair ionic system ?
how many watts ionic system ?
what is written in white on the red bus ?
what is the name of the street ?
what is written on the board displayed ?
what year was the photo taken ?
what year is listed in yellow at the bottom ?
what is the name of the corner store ?
what name is written on the white jersey ?
what is written on the structure ?
which year is this expo ?
what country is being displayed ?
what is the website address that is listed ?
what man's first name is shown on the image ?
what is written on sign board ?
what is on the right wing ?
what does the word say ?
what is the name of the street on this sign ?
what number block is displayed on the sign ?
what is the left word on the page ?
what is the number on the image ?
what is the capitalized word on the page ?
how many meters are shown on the sign ?
what is written on the sign ?
what type of bus is this ?
what is written on the building ?
what does the red text say ?
what is the top word on the big tire ?
what is the bottom word on the big tire ?
who is the manufacturer of the motorcycle ?
what is written on the top left side of the front of the train ?
what is written in orange under the windsheild ?
what is written above the right windsheild ?
what is the on the timeline ?
what is writing on the blue board ?
what is the manufacturer of the espresso machine ?
what is the name of the company ?
what is written on the train ?
what is the number of this bus ?
what is the name of this bus ?
what model of yamaha is this
what is the number of the skier on the right ?
what is the big sign refer in bus ?
what does the big black letters on mouth wash read ?
what number is on the top row left sign ?
what number is on the top row right sign ?
what number is on the bottom row left sign ?
what type of tour is the bus taking you on ?
what does the red sign say ?
what is the first word on this cup ?
what is the bus number ?
where is the bus going ?
what is written on the arrow pointing left ?
what does the octagonal red sign say ?
what time does the sign start ?
what color is the truck ?
what letter is on the glove ?
what is the watermark on the image ?
what is the name of the product ?
what letters are in the circle on the front of the plave
what is the name of the church ?
what is affiliated with the name "hana?"
what does the title left to inbox say ?
what is the title of the green book ?
what is written on the white sign ?
how many calories is half a carton of this ?
what are the amount of grams of sugar in half a carton ?
what does it say about containing saturates ?
what is the brand name of the gas ?
what number is on the train ?
on what day can you get 1/2 price burgers ?
what time can you get 1/2 price burgers ?
what can you get for 1/2 price on tues night ?
what does the top right graffiti tag say ?
what airline owns the plane
what is the team name printed on the jersey ?
what number is on the jersey ?
what kind of candy is this ?
what is the number on the truck in the lower left corner ?
what is on sale?`
whose stocking is this ?
what is the name of this store ?
what does the stop sign say ?
where is the license plate from ?
what is the license plate number ?
what is the name on the blimb ?
who manufactured the can of fruit shown on the left side of this photo ?
what white word appears at the top right of the image ?
what black word appears below the jar ?
whats the only full word written here ?
what does it say on the guy's hoodie ?
what does it say on the arrow ?
what is the first letter in white at the top left of the photo ?
what does the sign say ?
what colour is the main motorcycle ?
what colour bike is the man riding ?
where is the white sign pointing to ?
what is written on the truck door ?
what shape are the headlights on the truck ?
what brand is this computer ?
who made this computer ?
what is the brand name written on the label of the bottle ?
what is the mayonnaise brand ?
what is the number on the racquet frame ?
what does the sign on the wall say in big letters ?
what is the name of the street ?
what does the arrow demonstrate ?
what is on the red sign ?
what color is this bench ?
what is the first letter listed on the end of the beam ?
what is written in gold letters on the sign attached to wooden posts ?
what digits are written on the blue sign attached to the wooden post ?
what number is after ginza
what word is after the - ?
what word is before 6 ?
what is the soda brand in the silver box ?
what is the name of the product ?
what vitamin does it contain ?
what company's brand logo is on the block ?
what is the bottom word printed on the blue box ?
what is the tag number on the car ?
|what is the number on the boys shirt inverted?|
that number ?
what does the text say on the side of the plain
what company makes the syringe ?
what do you insert into the slot ?
what is the name of the first floor business, on the left side of this picture ?
which is the next coming airport ?
which brand is being advertised ?
what is the name of the clothing brand seen in this picture ?
which airlines is the plane from ?
from where is this boat ?
which word has the largest font in the picture ?
what clock is underneath germany ?
what is written on the side of the boat ?
what is the date of the picture ?
what fruit is in the plastic bags ?
what is written on the side of the boat ?
what is the monument named on this bus ?
what is world famous  ?
where are they located  ?
how much is the jackpot ?
what type of dog do you see in the picture ?
what does the printed text at the top say ?
what does it say in the man's blue shirt ?
what sign is above the door ?
what does the sign on the left side say ?
what is the number on the man's chest ?
what is written in the red circle ?
what meal is this ?
what letters are written by the number 21 ?
what's written in bold letters in the center of the item on the right ?
how many people are in the alley ?
what does the sign say ?
what does it say on the yellow shirt ?
what is the noun form of the word choose ?
what website is listed on the image ?
what is the maximum percentage you can save at this store ?
what word is in pink/red ?
what complete word is seen directly behind the running woman ?
what is the word on the boat ?
what year was this photo taken ?
which car manufacture is shown on the advertising boards ?
what year was this picture taken ?
what is the license plate number on the vehicle shown ?
what does the word in blue say on the back of the vehicle ?
what is the number located on the back right of the vehicle ?
what is toward the left ?
what is written next to the arrow on the black sign ?
what is printed on the license plate ?
what is the number on the top street sign ?
what is the weather currently like ?
what day is it ?
which photography is it
what is the name in the bottom left corner ?
what year is given in the bottom left corner ?
what is the name of the street on the yellow sign ?
what company uses the truck ?
how high does a jackpot have to be to be paid for by the attendant ?
what is the web address given
which street sign is higher than the other ?
what word appears twice on the remotes ?
what word is on the third remote ?
what word is on the first remote ?
what is written in black text on the sign ?
what is written on the skaters t-shirt ?
what does the caption say on the photo ?
what is written at front side of the train ?
what does the white sign say ?
what does the orange sign say ?
how many traffic cones are in the picture ?
what are the words on the green bar at the top of the box ?
what series is this waffle maker ?
how many settings is on this waffle maker ?
what does the watermark read ?
what does the large word on the front of the truck say ?
what is the flavor of this healthy choice meal ?
what flag is up ?
what type of bus is it
what color is the bus
what is the name of the storefront in red ?
what is the name written on top of the phone number on the trailer ?
what is he playing ?
what is the biggest word printed in red on the blue sign ?
what color is written on the bus sign ?
what is written on the blue shirt ?
what is shown in the picture ?
what brand is the camera ?
what street ?
what is written in black ?
what website is address does the red text show ?
what is written on the blue snowboard ?
what is the name of the boat ?
who has copyright over this image ?
what year was it copyrighted ?
what is the name of the business ?
what is this advertisement for ?
what is phone number for wasteetch ?
who posted this picture ?
what establishment name is written at the very top of the taller sign ?
what opportunity is indicated lower on the tall green sign ?
what is the name indicated on the lower sign with the white background, on the foreground face of that sign ?
what is written on the white sign ?
what is the text inside the square ?
which year given
what option on the dial is spelled out ?
what is the number of the house?;
what's street name  ?
what is the number on the screen of the bus window ?
what two words are at the top of the black sign ?
what word is on the red sign ?
when is the area closed ?
what does it say on the bottom of the case ?
what are the numbers on the bus ?
what is the bus number ?
what is written on the plane ?
what does bell holding on her hand ?
what is written at the bottom of the photo ?
what is the title of the book shown ?
what author is credited on the book cover ?
what number is on the dug out ?
what is the number written the most upper left on the sign behind the person ?
what number is written in the bottom right side ?
what is the name showing between the dog's paws ?
what district is the police car from ?
what is the number on the right side of the bumper of the police car ?
what two name brands are printed on the wall ?
which airline is shown on the tail ?
what is the plane's identifying number ?
what is the name of the tv station shown on the sign at the top ?
what is the number of this bus ?
what is the color of the line that the train on the left is on ?
what is written on the pink shield
how many chicks are there ?
what color is the middle chick ?
what kind of candle is it ?
what is the word at the top ?
what is the sign of board reference ?
what is the team name on the batter's jersey ?
what is the name of this airline ?
what is the number above the bench ?
this is a toyota what ?
what does it say under the blue house on the white remote ?
what  is the number in the red t-shirt player who is standing behind yellow t-shirt in the field ?
what avenue is shown ?
what does the orange text say ?
what is the contact number on the to let board ?
what are the numerals written on either side of the clock ?
what is the first word on the top left oft he ad ?
what is number listed on the front of the bike ?
what's flight no. ?
what is the name of the website on this photo ?
what is the title of the book with the house on the cover ?
what does the red sign say ?
what is the speed limit ?
what is the first phrase on the screen/
what drink is on the sign ?
how much was the bet ?
how much did the person win ?
what is the license plate number of the black car ?
where is the zipcar street team located ?
what is the car number ?
what kind of soda is shown ?
who makes the soda ?
what is doing the women ?
where type of blackthorns are sold ?
what type of crops are sold ?
what is the last item listed on the right sign ?
what is written on the fender of the motorcycle ?
what might you earn instead of real money in this image if you followed the guidance ?
what is the street sign in the middle say ?
which canadian province is named on the awning ?
what is the name of company on the red sign ?
what is on the sign in blue ?
what is the name of one sponsor for this event ?
what does it say at the very top of the blue road sign ?
what is the name of the road heading left on the road sign ?
what is the address refer by bus ?
what is written on the pillow ?
what is written on the yellow board
what is the text on the red train ?
what european country is this in ?
what are the letters on the right car ?
name on the banner with white background
what district does this school belong to ?
what is the name on the card ?
what does the sign on the right say ?
what is written on bus shelter advertisement board ?
what is the name of match box ?
how many matches does this box contains ?
what is the logo on match box ?
what is in the middle of the street arch ?
who runs this bus ?
what is the bus's number ?
what is the companies name ?
what is this a promotion for ?
what this in bus colour ?
how many number of bus ?
what is the bus number ?
what is the name of the ave ?
where did they buy the coffee ?
what is the name of the restaurant ?
what are the blue letters ?
what sign is shown below j f kennedy bl ?
what street is pictured ?
what is the name of the shop in the photo ?
what is the name on the top front of the white bus ?
what color is the boy's shirt ?
what is the sign on bus
what is the number of pizzeria
what is the web address given
what type of crossing is this ?
what is on the hotdog ?
how much would a fetch dog cost ?
what does the baby's shirt say ?
is it going to be a baby boy or baby girl ?
what percentage is the milk ?
what is the brand of milk ?
what vitamins are in the milk ?
what name is watermarked in the bottom left ?
what brand is shown in the image ?
what brand is represented in this picture ?
what is infante's jersey number ?
who are the photographers ?
who is the person on the television ?
which animal is this designed for ?
what company owns this plane ?
what is this ?
what number is on the building ?
what color is the building ?
what is the name of the company on the window to the right ?
what is the name of the store in the picture ?
what is the first word of the description at the bottom of the picture ?
what is the last word of the description at the bottom of the picture ?
what is the title of the photo ?
who provided the image ?
what mattress company is on the bears pajamas ?
what is written on the orange sign with the arrow pointing right ?
what large electrical brand can be seen on a white banner ?
what is the license plate number of this car ?
what is the license plate ?
what word is in the bottom corner ?
what is written on the blue dustbin
what does the third line of text on the shirt say ?
what is the license plate on the white car ?
what is the bus number ?
what is the license plate number on the bus ?
what is the license plate number on the bus ?
where is the bus going ?
what brand is the byus ?
what is the first word of the yellow lettering ?
where is the departure point of the yellow bus ?
what is the phone number of river ride ?
what does the pink writing say on the black shirt ?
what is the number written near the front wheel of the vehicle ?
what is the big word on the hoodie ?
what is the name of the business written with yellow ?
who took this picture ?
what does it say on this building ?
what is the name of this location ?
what name is displayed at the top of the truck in this picture ?
what does it say on the top front of the truck ?
what is the year printed on this photo ?
what number is the second hand pointing to ?
which number will the minute hand indicate next ?
what is the upcoming hour ?
how far away is takeshiba sanbashi ?
how far away is the subway ?
how far away is kyu shiba-rikyu gardens ?
what is on the bus ?
what letters are above the red door ?
what number is above the red door ?
what kind of food is it ?
what does the shirt say ?
what is written on the banana ?
when was the photo taken ?
what is written on the back of the black tshirt ?
what is the license plate number ?
what is their team name
what does the bold type in the ticket in the advertisement on the left say ?
what is the name on the back of the grey jersey of the hockey player on the right ?
what is the name on the grey jersey ?
what is the name on the black jersey ?
where is this bus going ?
what number fence is the horse jumping over ?
what is the first name of the company hosting this event ?
what word is in bold letters on the paper in the picture ?
what is the warning sign instruction ?
what does the red and white sign say ?
what type of roads are the signs depicting ?
what is the text at the bottom ?
what does the sign say on the green pole ?
who owns the bus ?
what is written on the green wall ?
what does the largest word on the computer screen say ?
what is the common phrase on all three pieces of clothing ?
what is written on objects  ?
what type of animal is shown ?
what are the first two words in the box ?
what two words are listed after the comma in the box ?
what is the website shown in the image
what is the photographer name
what is the license plate of the bus ?
where is the bus going ?
what is the name of the restaurant ?
what is the name of the book store ?
what is the train number ?
what brand is labeled on the awning sign ?
what brand is advertised with two x's in the name ?
what is written on the plane
what can be found above the keyboard ?
what is the name of the brand of the vending machine on the left ?
who is one of the sponsors of this baseball field ?
what is the number on ichird's jersey ?
what is the name on #51's jersey ?
what is the name associated with the picture ?
what is written with white on the building
what are they selling ?
what is the word on the red sign ?
what should you do when you come upon the red sign ?
what is the number of the locomotive ?
what does the octagonal red sign say ?
which brand of car is this ?
what's the automaker of this car ?
what's the car plate of this car ?
what is the number on the left side of the bus ?
what are the last two digits of the white truck's license plate ?
what color is the tennis players shorts ?
what color is the ball boys shirt ?
whats the main color is the tennis players shirt ?
what is the brand of the black disc ?
what word is written in yellow ?
what is written above the red rectangle ?
what is written above the green rectangle ?
what is the name of the fitbess club ?
what is the name of the restaurant ?
what is the word shown on the left-hand side ?
what does the text in the bottom right corner of the picture say ?
what numbers can be seen on the score board behind the player ?
what logo can be scene on the right side of the man's shits
what can you get 6 of for $5 ?
which traffic sign is this ?
what number is this train ?
what country is this plane for ?
what is the brand name on top of the speedometer ?
what is writtenon the wall
who owns the copyright for this picture ?
what words are written in yellow on the pavement ?
what is the name of the game ?
what year was this photo copyrighted ?
what are the last two numbers ?
what is the 3 digit number written at the bottom of the memorial ?
what is the third letter in the sign ?
what is the address of the website listed ?
what are the first three numbers on the bottom row ?
what are the last three numbers on the bottom row ?
what is the license plate number on the red car ?
what is the brand of the airplane ?
what is the word before noble ?
what is the word after barnes ?
what is full name on boxes ?
what number is the bus ?
what drink is included as an ingredient for this cake ?
what word can you see in the picture ?
is this girl's hair long or short ?
what is the top line written on the blue sticker ?
what is the 3 digit number on the first line on the white sticker ?
what is the 5 digit number on the second line on the white sticker ?
what does the street sign say ?
what shop is to the left of the picture ?
what level is shown in the picture ?
what is written in the white oval on the left side ?
what is the last letter written in white in the center of an oval ?
what is the name present in the left back of the car
what is the number in the plate
what word is written on the green box ?
what is the number on the drivers window ?
what is the company name of the left plane ?
what name is displayed on the right plane ?
what is the first blue letter ?
what is the name if the sign with a yellow background and red and white logo ?
what brand of cars is sold at this dealership ?
which state appears on the hoodie ?
what word comes next after salty ?
what letter is on the neon orange sign ?
what is the number of this person who is showing his back side ?
what is written on his t-shirt at back side <
what should you do when you see these signs ?
what is the bus number ?
what's the namen of the street sign ?
what hours on a saturday allows for 2 hr parking ?
what country is mentioned in the image ?
what brand is this electronic ?
what year is in blue on the bank ?
what does the girl's sweater say ?
what number is the horse ?
who copyrighted this image ?
with what format can they edit uncompressed ?
what word is pictured on the large television ?
the wines of which state are you asked to discover ?
what do the paper signs on the motorcycle say ?
how many men are standing by the train ?
where is the mountain at that the presidential train ascending ?
what is the three digit number that forms part of the registration plate of the vehicle in this image ?
what follows save nasa on the sign ?
what court number are they playing on ?
what is the number of the batter ?
what is written below the stop sign ?
what is the route number displayed next to the bus door ?
what 5 words are written in red script ?
what is the name of the photgrapher
to what airline does this plane belong ?
what does it say on the white banner with red lettering ?
what is written on the blue baseball hat with the yellow bill ?
what is the number on the bottle ?
what is the name of the brewery ?
what is the word written in cursive ?
what is the last name of the photographer, as written on the bottom right ?
what kind of foods selling here ?
what word in white is visible on the back left ski ?
where do you find this chair ?
what kind of chair is this
where is this bus going ?
what is the last word on the t-shirt ?
what is the number on the top plane ?
what brand is written on the blue sign ?
what is the number on the glass door ?
what word is upside down in the circle on the box to the left ?
what does the green sign say ?
what is the name of the juice that the children are drinking in the photo ?
what organization does this jet belong to ?
what is the name of this grocery store ?
what does the third poster on the right with the person say ?
what is on the soccer jersey ?
what number is the train ?
what does it say on the top shelf in green letters ?
what company is on present on the bus ?
what brand name is printed on the side of the green can ?
what location is printed at the top end of the green can ?
what six letter word is visible in this picture ?
what six letter word is visible in this picture ?
what six letter word is visible in this picture ?
what is the word on white board
what is the name of this building ?
is the building in the background a school or a hotel ?
what is written inside the board
what is the name of the restaurant
what does the black and white sign say ?
what does the big red sign say ?
where is this team located ?
what country is this beach located in ?
what city is this beach near ?
what is the name of the black book on the top shelf with red letters, to the left of the word comics ?
what is the word in yellow beside the book titled "from hell" ?
what does the text in blue say ?
what is the price for one sign piece ?
what is the price for two sign pieces ?
what letters are to the left of the clock ?
what is printed on the right side of the clock ?
what is the brand of watches sold by the store on the left
what is written on the board ?
what is written on the wall ?
what airline is printed on the plane ?
what is the date shown on the picture ?
what is the first word in english on the sign ?
what is one street in this intersection ?
what is one street in this intersection ?
what instrument is this man playing ?
where is the driver taking the kids ?
what is the sign of  train refer
what is the number given on train
what is written on the side of the tents ?
who is the sponsor for the tents ?
where is the white bus going ?
what photography company is listed ?
what does the word say inside the arrow pointing right ?
what does the white top sign say ?
what number is the bus ?
what type of bus is this ?
what number is this bus known as ?
what flavor are the captain's wafers pictured in the photo ?
what brand are the crackers ?
how man players are there
what it the name of the sponsor of this event ?
who is the sponsor in red on the skiers uniform ?
how many miles does the display view
what time was this photo taken ?
what month and day was this photo taken ?
in which year was this photo taken ?
what is the name of the blue boat ?
what kind of potion is this ?
what team does the red jersey belong to ?
what is the name of the street crossing wall st ?
what is the name of the street crossing broadway st ?
what is the title of the watermark written on the lower right hand corner of the image ?
what is the name of the business ?
what is written on the key left of the missing ones ?
what is written next to the windows symbol ?
what number has the key above the star ?
what city is on the shirt ?
what number is on the ball player's shirt ?
what is written in the stadium
what is the word written under the puzzle ?
what is yellow ship no. ?
what is brown ship no. ?
what number is on the red plate on the front of the train ?
what brand is on the can ?
what color is the woman's shirt ?
what color is the woman's skirt ?
what color is the moped ?
what are the three letters still visible on the street sign ?
what music studio is this ?
universal music is a subsidiary of what company ?
who works in this build ?
what does it say on the purple shirt ?
what does the visible text in the upper right corner say ?
what does the right side of the pizza box say ?
what is the first word on the top-left of the cake ?
what is the watermock text say ?
what is the number at the bottom ?
what is written on there
which vehicle is there
what is the date shown in this picture ?
what is the function of the vehicle ?
what is the model name of the vehicle ?
what is written on the top front of the bus ?
what number is written on the man's shirt ?
what is on the man's head ?
what is the brand name ?
what type of gumbo is in the package ?
what style selection is this product ?
what is the name on top of label
what does it say directly under the wind shield ?
what city is the pitcher playing for ?
what numbers are visible on the red sign on the right ?
what two letters are visible on the sign on the left ?
what type of injury is it used for ?
what are the dimensions ?
what brands are advertised on the train ?
what type of electronic is being advertised ?
what is the number of the vehicle ?
what is the name of the vehicle ?
what is the name of the website ?
what is on the plane ?
what is located at this next exit ?
who owns the irish restaurant and bar ?
what is the name of the restaurant shown ?
what is the name of the product ?
what is the number on the front of this train ?
what is the name labeled behind the number 485 ?
what is the name of the company on this train ?
what are the 6 letters visible on the front of this store ?
what company is displayed on the truck
what numbers are on the front window ?
what word can be read on the fire hydrant ?
what follows the word no ?
what is written on the green fence ?
what ad is displayed under numbers ?
who is the lender above the tourist og sign ?
what is written on the truck ?
what is the airline of the plane ?
what is the bran name on display ?
what is advertised on the display window to the right in red writing ?
what is this store called ?
what number train is this ?
what two words are written directly after u.s. on the plane ?
what four digit number is written directly under the window  ?
what is the name of the ad ?
what brand of tv remote is this ?
what is written at the bottom of the picture ?
what is the name of website being displayed in screen ?
what is the country name written on the doll ?
what are the numbers written in red on the plane ?
what color is the door ?
what does the fire truck have written on it ?
what is the text in the bottom left corner ?
what is the occupation listed on the side of the green truck ?
what is the photo tag ?
what is the letter written
what colour is on both side
what number is shown on the closest boat in the frame to the camera ?
what is the last name of the person who owns the copyright of this photo ?
which letter is seen to the left of the large "33" on the first boat ?
what is the name of the ski trail ?
what is the distance of the trail ?
what ski level is the trail rated ?
what is written on the label of each bottle ?
what website is advertised here ?
what is in the image ?
how many calories are in this package ?
what type of indian institute is this building ?
what word comes after "indian institute of" ?
what is the word on the sign above the arrow ?
what is the word below "on' on the sign ?
what are the numbers under the street sign "fuller"
what does the arrow's label read ?
what ave. is this ?
who is this photo by ?
what company name is printed on the guitar pick ?
what word is written in all capital letters on the guitar pick ?
what number is on the side of the fire truck ?
what is the shop at the top of the sign ?
what is the name of the bus in the picture ?
what sport is being played ?
how many signs are there ?
what number is on the blue hoodie ?
what number is on the player in yellow ?
what number is in red ?
what website is listed ?
what is the name on the cake ?
what kind type facts are on this can ?
what kind of game system is this person playing with ?
what are the letters stated on the hat  ?
what are the numbers on the monitor ?
what is written in white on the sign ?
what is written in yellow on the sign ?
what is the name of the boat (written on white board)  ?
what is the number on the window ?
what is the license plate number ?
what brand of car is shown in the image ?
what brand name is on the guys shirt ?
what is written on the top of the green wall ?
what is the name of the boat ?
what are the letters in the circle ?
what is the month date-stamped on the picture ?
what color is his jacket ?
what color is his helmet ?
what is the name of this business ?
what number can be found on the sign ?
what word appears on the top left corner ?
what is written in this image ?
what is the sign on top refer
is there more coffee or pizza here ?
what does the sign tell you to do ?
what is the label on the drink cup ?
what does the yellow sign say ?
what does the store front read ?
what is the name of the store in the back ?
what letter is on the hat ?
what airline is this plane from ?
what is company name written on bus  ?
what is the number in the green jersey facing away from the camera ?
what word is written under stop ?
what color is the no-parking sign ?
what car brand is represented in this photograph ?
what letter represents this store front's brand ?
what word is written in red in the photograph ?
what is the primary color of the parrot ?
what is the number on the second bus from the left ?
what bank is in this picture ?
what is present in top of the left corner
what letters are in the bottom right of this label ?
what brand is this helmet ?
what type of lettuce is included in the package ?
what is the brand of the lotion ?
what is the scent of the lotion ?
what type of store is in the background ?
what brand is being advertised in the background ?
who is the owner's first love ?
what is the auto show on the truck ?
what does the wooden panel say ?
what word is after the word john in this picture ?
what is the name of the street ?
what is the address of the street ?
what is the percentage of alcohol in the bottle ?
what is she playing ?
what is the street name ?
what does the upper sign say ?
what word is written up the side of the building ?
what brand name is on the bag ?
what company owns the train ?
who is the photographer of this picture ?
what is title of the photo ?
what metal are the snaps made out of ?
what is the name of the warship shown ?
what company is advertised on the boards ?
how much is acorn squash ?
what farm market is this at ?
what kind of onion is being sold ?
what is the name of the company on the sign ?
what is the name printed on the cup in the foreground ?
what is the letter shown on the building in the background ?
what is the bank ?
what is the name of the orange drink  ?
when was this picture taken ?
what date was this picture taken
what is the opposite to youngest ?
what year was this picture taken ?
what type of sauce is in the picture ?
what time are today's specials ?
what year is written on the disc ?
what letter is on the tennis racquets ?
what is written in red on the sign on the left ?
what is the name of the company that made this vehicle ?
what is written in green on the plane ?
what is the registration of the plane ?
what is the first word on the mans shirt ?
what does the mans shirt say ?
what does the sign represent  ?
what does the red sticker say ?
what website is being shown in front of the computer screeen ?
what brand is on the white banner ?
what is the name of the black emblem on the far right ?
what grain does this food contain ?
what does the red push pin say ?
what product is this ?
what brand is the keyboard ?
what type of media desktop is this ?
who has the copyright on the photo ?
what is printed word on the white pot ?
what is the brand of camera ?
what is the number of the parking meter ?
what color is the hat ?
what is the number on the bumper of the school bus ?
what is the street name on the bottom sign ?
what is written on the billboard closest to the stop sign ?
who is the green sponsor of the hockey team ?
what number is the player makaroy ?
what beer brand sponsors this team ?
what is the date and time written in the notebook ?
what language is being studied ?
what are the words printed in the top area, describing the brand associated with the toy ?
what is the message in white lettering, at the bottom of the toy's packaging ?
what is written at the bottom of the poster on teh right ?
what is printed on the sweatshirt ?
what is the first word after the copyright symbol ?
what is the second word after the copyright symbol ?
what is the name of the store ?
when was the photo copyrighted ?
what is the name of the photographer ?
what is the name of the network of hospitals advertised ?
what two words are in red letters ?
which word is the name of an animal ?
what word has four letters ?
what brand of airline is this ?
what is the name of the movie advertised on the bus ?
whats the first name on they cubical
what does the business to the left sell ?
what is the name of the business ?
what company is advertising on the stadium wall ?
what are the last 4 words on the sign to the left of the image ?
what is the first word on the mug in the photo ?
what is the second word on the mug in the photo ?
who owns the airplane ?
what is the name on the large red and white ad ?
what is the top word on the large black and white advertisement on the wall ?
what is the number of the box
what is written at the top of the door in background ?
what's in the can ?
what is the word on the second line of the plaque on the wall ?
what is the word under m&gn on the buckets ?
what is lettered in black on the middle bucket ?
what is the bus number displayed at the top right of the white bus ?
what are the three letters displayed at the top left of the back of the white bus ?
what is the license plate number of the white bus ?
what does the sign say ?
what is the statement in the bottom left hand corner of the image ?
what sport is the man playing  ?
what is present in yellow board
what is written in green board
what is display on the white board
what is the airline name ?
what number is behind the plane's engine ?
what time does the restaurant open ?
what street name is pictured ?
what can't you blow ?
what city is the bus from ?
what type of vehicle is in the picture ?
what is the last word written after london bus ?
what is the dump truck's number ?
what is the first three numbers in white at the bottom of the photo ?
what letters are listed on the building on the far right ?
what numbers are written on the top yellow sign
what numbers are written on the bottom sign
what letter is written on both signs
what type of beverage can you purchase at this shop ?
what water brand is being shown in the image ?
what is the train id number ?
what letter is missing from the red sign ?
what place is to the left ?
who took the photo ?
what year was the photo taken ?
how tall is a 6-foot newborn giraffe ?
how much does a young giraffe weigh ?
what word is written above the shop ?
what bus number is shown ?
where is the bus going ?
what are the words on the players right shoulder ?
what are the words on the blue and red flags ?
how many ski lifts are there in the picture ?
what is the brand on the jar ?
what is in the jar ?
what can you put the caramel topping on that the jar shows ?
what name begins with g on banner
what casino name is on the banner
what brand is on the athlete's clothing ?
how much time is on the timer ?
what is the bus number ?
what does the sweater say ?
what are the names of the two streets that intersect ?
between what hours can you load and unload trucks ?
which restaurant is shown on the left
according to the description what two things are critical ?
whats'w written on top of the car ?
of what colors  the car is ?
what is the time on the phone ?
what is the name of the store that is almost facing the escalator ?
what is the jersey number ?
what is the name of the wedding photography that took this photo ?
what does the watermark in the bottom right corner say ?
what name is at the bottom left of image ?
what name is on the image ?
what number is printed on the sleeve black shirt ?
what is written on the black strap ?
what does the url say ?
what is the number of the yellow motorcycle ?
what is the number of the blue motorcycle ?
what is printed in the lower right corner ?
what is the city this bus operates in ?
what is the bus number ?
what does the road sign say ?
what is this street called ?
what does the black writing on white ground say ?
what is the letter and number combination at the bottom right corner of the sign ?
use a scanner to make a ?
copyright year ?
which avenue is shown ?
which street is shown ?
what is the last name the follows g.t. ?
what is the name of the street on the sign ?
what is the number of this bus
what is the name of the cell phone ?
what company created the cell phone ?
what does the red sign on the far left say ?
what word is under the two men in the back ?
what is the word on the side of the boat ?
which two letters are pictured inside of the circle ?
what number can you see on the middle bus ?
what is the train number  ?
which company this train is belongs to ?
what is the website in the image ?
what is the brand of the object ?
what is the text on the blue border ?
what does the sign tell you to do ?
what is the name of this club ?
what word is in white lettering on the red sign in the image ?
what phrase is displayed on the yellow sign directly next to the red sign ?
what is the second word on the blue banner on the foremost bus ?
what type of coin is accepted ?
who copyrighted this photo ?
what is the first 5 letter's of the second word ?
what is the 10th letter of the second word ?
what number plate does this bus have ?
what is the name of the store on the right ?
what street ?
what number is the closest train car ?
what is marked on the front of the blue car ?
which airline is that ?
what brand is the advertisement for ?
what product is the ad for ?
what is the name of village
what is the restaurant name
what is the hydrant number ?
what is the name of the food stand ?
what store do do you see in the image  ?
what is the text on the side of the plane ?
what is the last word on the sign ?
what does the vertical sign say ?
that is the word on the frond of the rv ?
what is the first name written in the bottom right ?
what number is on the horse in the front of the picture ?
what number is on the horse in the back of the picture ?
what word is under the 4 on the horse in the front of the picture ?
what is the word under delayed ?
who does the car in the intersection belong to ?
what type of taco is prepared here ?
what kind of food does this truck sell ?
what year did the company of the canned food open ?
what is in the can ?
what compass bearing is displayed on the boy's t-shirt ?
what does it say on the back of the blue t-shirt ?
what are the top three words on the sign next to the bike ?
what type of product is in the box ?
what brand is the hair dryer ?
what model number is the product ?
how much is broccoli stromboli ?
what is written on the advertising sign on the roof ?
what make of car is being displayed ?
what is written on the red box with a ribbon ?
what does the top sign say ?
what is the bus's number ?
what is the number listed on the street sign ?
what type of sport ?
what is teams name ?
what company does the man work for ?
what word is on the yellow bus ?
which country name printed on the t-shirt ?
what is written on the white van ?
what is the name of the street ?
who is the dog smarter than ?
what website did this image come from ?
what is the team name on the jersey ?
what car brand name is on the white pillar ?
how much are the kitkat ?
what is written on the sign on the light pole ?
what is the number on the players' jersey ?
what is written on the side of the airplane ?
what does it say on top of the bus ?
what color are the letters "dance" in ?
what number is on the bottom lefthand side of the image ?
what is the number on the yellow sign ?
what word can be seen in the middle of the logo on the black pannel ?
what bank sponsors this tournament ?
what time is displayed on the stove ?
what is the website address ?
what is the number on the cup ?
what word has the trademark on the end ?
what is the second word of the title on the game box ?
what is written on the oval item ?
what type of photography ?
what is the name of the cow in this picture according to the caption ?
what is the written on the plane ?
what number is listed on the grey pants ?
what text is attached to the front of the car
what is the title of the dvd on the bottom of the stack ?
what language is on the label of the cd cover ?
what numbers are on the billboard ?
what is on sale in the display window ?
what is the sale price for what is in the display window ?
when was this photograph taken ?
what does is say directly after fine/line ?
what is the name of the airline on the plane ?
what is the number on the front of the train ?
what restaurant is this food from ?
what date is on the photo ?
what company is on the window ?
what building number is it ?
what kind of book is shown ?
what game does the poster commemorate ?
what does the woman's arm say ?
what color is the light on the do not walk sign ?
what model is the machine in the image ?
what number is the farthest left on the picture ?
what number is the lowest down on the picture
what is written on the wing of the vehicle ?
what is the first word on the green snowboard ?
what four letter word is printed on the front of the baseball player's shirt ?
what is written about the doorway ?
what is the text at the bottom of this image ?
what is the name on the top street sign ?
what word is printed on the blue truck to the right of the blue barrels ?
is this a department store ?
what is the first word of the compound word dishwasher ?
what is the web address given
what number is on the yellow bib ?
what does the licence plate say ?
what word is on the front of the bus ?
what man's name is printed on the wall ?
what web address is given on the bumper of the bus ?
what do you have to scan to exit the gate ?
on which side of the gate do you scan you access card ?
who is the message on the sign addressed to ?
what location is printed on the glass ?
how much is vegetable egg foo young ?
what is the first diet dish listed on the menu ?
what tennis team is this woman on ?
what word is on the blue store sign ?
what is printed in the white circle ?
what is the license plate of the tourist bus ?
who are on the bus ?
what is the year of copyright ?
what does the text say ?
what word comes after way ?
what color is the sign with the selected text ?
what is the number of the bus going to rosemont
what is the destination of the bus number 197 ?
what is written on the top left of the photo ?
what does the tag on the left say ?
what does the tag on the right say ?
what does this churreria sell ?
what is the name of the building ?
what is printed on the bottle ?
what is the street name displayed on pole ?
what is the street number on the pole ?
what is the name of the product in the pink bottle ?
what website is listed on the bus ?
what type of bar is this ?
how do you say "foam" in spanish ?
what are the words in red on the to go cup ?
what is the sign of cap refer
what car logo is on the red wall ?
what hotel company on the red wall ?
how many cups of milk do you need ?
how many steps are there on the package ?
how many outs are on the board ?
what is the sign of 2nd board refer
what is the type printed on the corner of the image ?
what word is inside in the red octagon ?
what is the sign cautioning about ?
does the child seem happy to you also ?
do you think the father had a great time ?
is that one of the great lakes on the childs shirt ?
what is the brand on the bus ?
what is the website listed in the corner ?
what is the first word on the red sign ?
what does the sticker say ?
what types of flower seeds are these ?
what flowers are listed ?
where is the bus's final destination ?
which store did the lady with the green bag shop ?
what product is this ?
what is written on the cup
what is the brand name of the can to the left ?
what brand is the appliance ?
what year is being indicated in the bottom right ?
who took this picture ?
what is the title ?
what does the big red sign say ?
what does it say on the yellow sign ?
who makes the ring doughnuts ?
what is the bus number
what street is the blue car on ?
what does the black box say ?
what in on the sign ?
what is the street name on the sign ?
what protein is in this ?
what is the name of the coffee shop ?
what is written on the ball
number of the monitor
what is the time on the monitor?(pm or am)
what street is mentioned in the photo ?
what is the brand name of the type writer ?
what key is directly under the cat's paw ?
what is written on the image
what is the street name ?
who reserves the rights to this image ?
what street begins with fr ?
what is the name of the church on the blue sign ?
what street is depicted in the sign ?
what does the street sign say ?
what is the text on the red shirt ?
what is the time stamp in the lower right corner of the photo ?
what is one of the things written on the rock ?
what is the street that leads to bridge street ?
what street does canal street lead to ?
what is the name of the vegetable ?
what is the name of the jeans store in the picture ?
what is the last word written on the red wall ?
what mile is the car currently at ?
what number is written on the blue patch on the cake ?
what are the first three words written on the cake ?
what phrase appears on the child's shirt ?
what is green sign showing ?
what is the five letter word on the salt shaker ?
what does the lettering on the green train car say ?
what is the street name ?
which airline operates this airplane ?
what band is advertised on the cart ?
what is the shop
what internet address is stamped across this picture ?
what is at the top of the sign ?
what does the red atm say ?
what is the top knob to the far left's use ?
what is the use of all the levers to the right ?
what is the word in the lower right hand corner ?
what is the address given on vehicle
what city name in on the sign ?
what is the books title ?
which company shot this photograph ?
what number is on the batter's shirt ?
what company is advertised on the leftmost panel ?
what is a very popular electronics brand ?
how many fewer split ends ?
what warning is written on the ground ?
what vehicle is in the picture ?
what color is the word on the surfboard ?
what are the first two words on the pill bottle ?
what is the number listed on the green sign ?
what is written in yellow above the door ?
what type of seating is to the left of the door ?
from what angle is the item widest ?
how many vehicles are in the photo ?
what is the name of the baseball team ?
who made this oven ?
what street is on city north ?
what type of race are the police monitoring ?
what word is written in blue on the motorcycle ?
what word is written in red on the motorcycle ?
what words are displayed on the sign in the upper right of the image ?
what words are displayed on the top of the sign in the upper left of the image ?
what is the brand of mustard ?
what is the brand of the chili sauce ?
what is the number on the sign  ?
what is the name of the street  ?
what does it say on the sign on top of the terrace ?
what is the white truck's license plate ?
what is the name of the store ?
what is the name of the store in red letters ?
what is brand name of the bottle ?
what is the name of the planes airline company ?
what company is on the computer startup screen ?
who does the baby love ?
which brand of soda is in the can ?
which type of coke is shown ?
what is on the street sign ?
what is legible on the airplane ?
what shape is in the middle of the logo
what does the octagonal red sign say ?
what is the part that starts with d
what number is printed on the front of the train ?
what website does this photo come from ?
what is the first name of the person who took this photo ?
what is the last name of the person who took this photo ?
what is written in the bottom right below a persons name ?
which brand is this tv ?
what is the name of this airline ?
what animal is shown in the picture ?
what are the first 3 numbers on the right top sign ?
what is the store ?
what is the book located to the right and behind the computer ?
what is the police division city ?
what brand is the bus ?
what does the top of the sign say ?
what  is the second word in the black rectangle ?
what is the biggest word on the sign ?
what is the name of the company
how much time is left in the game ?
which cigarette manufacturer is shown on the scoreboard ?
what is the address of the unit ?
what numbers are on the package ?
what are the scan code numbers located in this image ?
what is the brand written on the van ?
what is the name of the baking company ?
what is the name of the market ?
what is the address number on the right blue door ?
what number is on the black shorts ?
what number is on the navy blue socks ?
what is the lower right button
what is close to ent button
what do you see on top of ent
what type of meat is used to make these hot dogs ?
where is the game taking place ?
who is sponsoring the game ?
what is on the right side of road ?
what is on the left side of road ?
what is the company that took this photograph ?
which number is used at the bottom of the place ?
where is the quick easy recipe located ?
who is the character ?
what street is on the left ?
what street is going to the right ?
what is the brand name of the product ?
what is inside the jar ?
what is the first name in the corner ?
what product name appears on the fake monitor ?
what operating system is used on the fake computer ?
what is he wearing on his head ?
what is the name of this market ?
what is the five digit digital number ?
what initials are written on the left ?
what is the name of the red food truck ?
what type of sale is depicted on the yellow sign ?
what letters are on the side of the helmet ?
what is the name of the restaurant to the left ?
what is the players number ?
what are the last four letters on the jersey ?
what time does the clock say ?
what does the sign with the bicycle on it say ?
what is the speed limit ?
what are the visible words in yellow ?
what is the visible white word ?
what is written on this photo ?
what is the store selling ?
what is the number on the back of the bus ?
what number is shown in the image ?
what number is displayed on the bus door ?
what direction is written on the sign ?
what is written above the atm machine behind the window ?
what is advertsied on the yellow sign ?
what was 11 st se formerly known as ?
what are the innitials written in red ?
what text is displayed on the bottom left ?
what text is displayed on the bottom right ?
what is the name of the band who's ep is in stores now ?
what state name is written on the side of the bus ?
what name is printed on this train ?
what is the sign of board reference
how many fl oz ?
when was company established ?
what number is the kid ?
what airline does the plane belong to ?
what is in the bag with the blue top ?
where is the first part of the brand name ?
what is the second part of the brand name ?
connect where ?
what is the top street called ?
when can't you park on this street ?
what does the red sign say ?
what flavor is the marmalade ?
what restaurant is on the sign ?
what is written on the surfboard ?
what is written here in blue letters ?
what is the name of the theater ?
where is this  ?
what credit card company is advertised ?
what is the word on the truck ?
what does the building say ?
who owns the copyright to this photo ?
what large letter is displayed on the golf ball ?
what is the name of the product the woman is holding in her hand ?
who manufactures the product the woman is holding in front of her ?
why does the meter remain there ?
what two things are pictured on the meter ?
what does the url say ?
what is the website given on the bus ?
what subject does the green textbook cover ?
what day is street cleaning ?
what is not permitted on wednesday ?
how many animals do you see ?
what word is listed on the badge that is located on the person's suspenders ?
what does the text in all black letters say ?
what time is on the clock in the image ?
what type of emergency disaster does this young boy want to assist with when he grows up ?
what is the four letter word on child's skateboard  ?
what team is the player on ?
who is a sponsor of the game ?
what is the colour of the pant ?
what is the number in his jacket ?
what is the colour of the shoe ?
what technology brand is advertised above the numbers ?
what beauty brand is advertised ?
what car brand is advertised ?
what is written on the yellow sign ?
what is written on the red sign ?
what is written on the black and white signs on the left ?
what is the street name ?
what is the name of the event the sign is describing ?
what is the name of the black store ?
what is the name brand of the bread ?
what company is a sponsor of the bicycle race ?
what is the number of player wearing white jersey ?
what is the business name shown ?
what is the number ?
what does the tail fin say>
what is lit up in blue ?
how much does the bell weigh? (in pounds)
how much does the bell measure in diameter at the base? (in inches)
when did the saugus elementary school open ?
what number is in the background behind the plane ?
what numbers are on the plane ?
what is the name on the side of the motorcycle ?
what is the first word on the red sign ?
where is this lamp post located ?
who made the machine ?
what color is the stop sign ?
what brand is the refrigerator ?
what is the name os the pizza shop ?
what is the name brand of this camping stove ?
when does the photo say it was taken ?
what does the text read on the wall ?
what street sign is in the top right corner ?
what number is on the batters shirt ?
which church is shown ?
what is the bus number ?
what is the name of the restaurant pictured ?
on what day is brunch served ?
what is the brand of the truck on the right ?
what is the name of this house ?
what does the company concours sell ?
what word comes after international on the barrier in the background ?
what gaming system is shown on the box ?
what is the name of this building as displayed on the upper left building ?
what area code is in the phone number ?
what type of court is this one ?
what should the spice be used on ?
which profession does this biker belong to ?
what company name is displayed on the front of the truck ?
what number is placed on the shirt of the blue outfitted player ?
what number contestant is the skier ?
which number skier is this ?
what is written on the red board
how big of a sale is on in the store ?
what is written there
what street sign is pictured ?
what is the name of the business on the corner ?
what is written on the white sign ?
what is written on the traffic sign on the corner ?
how much parking does 25 cents get you ?
word on shirt ?
what number is on the object ?
what is written beneath red house
is the instrument lying horizontally, or vertically ?
what is the street name on the top sign ?
what is the street name on the bottom sign ?
what is written on the white background ?
what is the name on the bus ?
what is written on the truck ?
what kind of motorcycles do they sell ?
what is the number on the side of the police car ?
what is the word on the blue sign below the aligator ?
where was this picture taken ?
what does it say after "rue" on the street sign ?
what does the big red word say ?
what number is on the yellow sign ?
what is the name  on the truck trailer ?
what popular board game involving words is visible in this image ?
what is the brand name of the laptop ?
what is the name of the small book ?
what brand is the motorcycle ?
who wrote the book ?
what is the brand name on the blue cup the guy is holding ?
what is written on the orange bus ?
what is the last word on the top row ?
what brand is the train
what is the brand name of the computer monitor ?
which food brand is this ?
what street is on the sign ?
what number is on the sign ?
what is the website listed in the image ?
what is written on the side of the helicopter ?
what is the main word on the sign ?
what does the sign say ?
what is the slogan written on the mitt ?
what red letter is highlighted on the back wall of the store ?
what place are these people in ?
what is the website listed ?
what beer is being advertised on the red sign ?
what is written on yelllow color ?
what does the store banner read ?
what is the company that makes the ketchup next to the hot dogs ?
what is the company name on the top of the buidling ?
what is the name brand of the pink scissors pictured ?
can you finish the sentence, " designed to................paper" ?
how long can the pink scissors cut ?
what type of room is listed on the sign ?
which brand of jeans is being advertised in the picture ?
what type of motorcycle is the grinch riding ?
what brand is the largest oven ?
what is the word stated on the white notecard ?
what is written on the red sign ?
what is written on the mug ?
how many vehicles do you see in this picture ?
what is the title of the orange book ?
what is the title of the last book ?
what number is on the sign ?
what does the sign say ?
where is this bus going ?
what does the sign board show ?
what number is the bus ?
what is the full readable word on the mans shirt ?
what are the two words under the word stop ?
the gentleman sitting directly under the sun's name tag says what three letter name ?
the backwards text on window says "university of the ___" ?
what is the website listed across the photo ?
which vehicle is there
what is the number of the bullet
what does the top sign say ?
what does the bottom sign say ?
what color is the top portion of the tent ?
what does the flag say ?
what is the name of the depot ?
what color is the light ?
what is the plate number for the train on the far right in blue ?
what color is the tail of the plane ?
what company is the plane for ?
what business is shown downstairs ?
what country is listed on the banner behind the man ?
what does the typewriter say ?
what does the heart say ?
what word is above the white bear's ear ?
what store did these items ceom from ?
what is the sentence written on the frame ?
what is the first word on the white bag reading from the top ?
what is the brand name on the gas pump ?
how long is the time limit mentioned on the red sign ?
where does the blue sign tell us to pay at ?
what is the first word of the mart ?
what is the name of the store front ?
what letters are on the front of the train ?
what is the number on the plane ?
what is written in front of the tie ?
who's name is on these ties ?
who is the book about in the back ?
what does it say on the birthday cake ?
what is written in the upper left corner ?
what  is the number on the cupcakes ?
what date is on this photo ?
what is the word listed in red and white in the background ?
what is the second word written on the water tower ?
what letters are clearly visible on the water tower ?
what is the last word on the sign ?
what is the first word on the sign ?
what is the name of the player wearing number 2 ?
what team is playing ?
what is the first word in the lower left hand corner ?
what is the second word in the lower left hand corner ?
what is the name in the lower left hand corner ?
what does the shirt say ?
where is the sign wecoming you to ?
what is the bike's number plate ?
what is the helmet color of the striker ?
what brand is the safe ?
where is the bus stopping next ?
what are the words written on the green portion of the building ?
what make are the trucks ?
what kind of car is in the photo ?
who produces this recipe ?
can you tell me the color of the watch in this picture ?
where is this bus goign ?
that comes after trailer ?
what is written on the left sign ?
what is written on the older man's shirt ?
who is addressed on the cake ?
what does the cake say ?
what word appears after "cardiff" on the sign at the front of the bus ?
what is written on the door of the bus ?
who's name is listed behind them ?
what name is on the tire ?
what letter is on the front fender of truck ?
what city is on the fire truck ?
what word is the white lettering on the red sign ?
you know that one big street ?
what is the watermark written on the lower right hand corner of the image ?
what is the date written in the center of the image ?
what are the letters and numbers written directly below the date ?
what does the sign say ?
what brand of phone is she holding ?
what is the bottom middle key ?
whatis above the 5 key ?
what is the name of the air line ?
what does the sign with the rabbit say ?
what word stands out the most on the black sign ?
what type of milk is this ?
what is the brand of this milk ?
what numbers are on the front of the bus ?
what is the copyright year listed at the bottom of the image ?
what is the name listed after the word copyright at the bottom of the image ?
what is the first word listed on the airplane ?
what does the top label say ?
what are the instructions to open ?
what does the bottle tell you to enjoy ?
which building is this ?
what is the very first word in the title in blue ?
what full name is at the bottom ?
who took this photo ?
what is the name of the establishment ?
where is the bus headed ?
what is the number on the bus ?
what is crazy daves ?
what league is this ?
what does the largest word written in yellow say ?
what is the last large yellow letter on the left side of the room ?
what is the first letter of the largest word written in  yellow with a blue background.
what is the bus's number ?
what is the bus's destination ?
which button is on the left ?
which button also is used for off ?
what are the red numbers on the sign ?
how many points are listed on the board ?
what airline is the jet from ?
what are the letters on the car's license plates ?
where is the bus offering trips to ?
what is printed at the top of the green background sign on the counter over to the right ?
what digit is displayed on the top right of the screen ?
what is the top most word on the sign board at the store front ?
what is the word on the cap worn by girl pedaling the cycle ?
what is the name on the street sign ?
what type of traffic signal is it ?
what does the graffiti say ?
who wrote the headline article ?
what is the name of the company printed on the bus ?
what is the number above the door to this business ?
what does the sign read on the glass door ?
what is the highway ?
what is the red octagon instructing you to do ?
what is the brand on the bottle on the wall ?
what year was the picture taken ?
what is the name of the photography company ?
what website is pictured ?
what brand in the keyboard in the top left ?
which word is printed on the top left pane of glass ?
which word is printed on the top middle pane of glass ?
what kid of shop is pictured here ?
whom this picture belong to ?
what is two letters before bastien ?
what does the grey text say on the bottom of the white box ?
what website provides more information about the halloween snow team ?
what does the far left suitcase say
what does the second from the left suitcase say
what color is the grass
what are the english words on the red sign, under the asian writing ?
what kind of instructions are shown ?
what color is the pole the man is holding ?
how many people are seen in this image ?
what color is the mans shirt ?
what company is listed on the bottom of the sign ?
what is the female name on the shirt ?
how many extra ounces are given in this product ?
what is the quantity
what watermark is seen in the bottom right corner ?
what does the red sign above the right turnstile say ?
what does the red sign above the left turnstile say ?
what do both of the red signs say ?
what useful household items are sold across the road and advertised on a vertical banner ?
what is the website on the bottom right ?
what are the two letters on the man's wristband ?
what is the date on this photograph ?
what is the train number ?
what track number is shown ?
what car manufacturer sponsors this motorcycle ?
what is written in blue on the side of the van ?
who is the manufacturer of the knives ?
what is the first word on the banner ?
what are the first four letters after the yellow vertical line on the banner ?
what is the word in the center ?
what is the name of the queen on the top sign ?
what brand is the tin foil ?
what bus number is the green bus ?
where is the green bus going ?
what brand is the device ?
what letters are seen on the two long buttons towards the bottom ?
who are the sponsors
what quot is written in the picture ?
who quoted the quote found in this picture ?
what is the name of the street ?
what article of clothing is named on the wall ?
what is the number on the harley-davidson sign ?
what is the name on the restaurant ?
who company took the photo ?
what is the name of the airline ?
what is written on the side of the airplane ?
what is the orange colored fruit ?
how much is the tiramisu ?
what letters are listed at the top of the photo ?
how far is it to fujiyama ?
what year is written on the mans t shirt ?
where did they buy the orange drink
where did the doughnut come from ?
whats the name of the bookstore
what year was this photo taken ?
what time is written at the bottom of the photo ?
what is written on black board
what is listed on the front of the bus ?
what is the sponsor on the left of the wall ?
whose truck ?
what year was this picture taken ?
what time was it when the picture was taken ?
what sponsor name is written above the white banner ?
what is the license plate of the motorcycle ?
what is the number on the dog's jacket ?
what tequila is this ?
what is the fruit in the bag ?
what kind of food is in this image ?
who is eating the cookie ?
what holiday figure is in this image ?
what does the toy bus say ?
what sport is the man playing ?
what brand is the man wearing ?
what color is the man wearing ?
who is the superintendent ?
what page number is shown in the book ?
what is the sea creature written at the top of the sign ?
what is written on the boat ?
what is this report about ?
what is the name of the store with the large green sign ?
what is the text on the black sign ?
what is the name listed repeatedly on the box ?
which year was this tennis tournament held according to the caption ?
what is the license plate number on the bus ?
what is written above the phone number ?
what is the saying above phone number ?
what is the phone number ?
what is the name of company ship ?
what is the name of the cookbook displayed on the shelf ?
what do you use to pay for things ?
what words are on the book in the front ?
what does the retail store sell ?
what number is on the computer screen ?
what warning is on the wood sign ?
what is written on the signs ?
what is the 5 letter word that begins with the letter "p" on the sign ?
what is the first letter written on the windshield ?
what should drivers do when they reach this sign ?
what is the large letter displayed in the dugout ?
what is the phone number listed on the side of the vehicle ?
what name is listed on the storefront with the white sign ?
what does does the header type on the monitor to the left read ?
what does the white sign say ?
what type of this bus ?
how far away is the city ?
where is the bus going to ?
what is the first letter on the door ?
what is the letter at the top right hand side of the door ?
what is the second word on the trash bin ?
what is the name of the building
what is the number of the building
what is name of the machine
what are the first and last words of the watermark on the bottom right ?
what is the number directly above the word open ?
which date was this picture taken on
what beverage is in the cooler next to the garbage can ?
what car company sponsors the bench the athlete is sitting on ?
what are the first two words of the top books title ?
what is the big white word on the lowest book ?
what does the girl's shirt say ?
what are the words on the girl's shirt ?
what does is say under the peace sign on the shirt ?
what is the bus number ?
what is the destination of the bus ?
what will pressing the red button do ?
what is the baseball teams name ?
what is the number on the batters jersey ?
what are the boxes used for
what is the black number on the wall
what number is the train ?
what is 70 + 2 ?
what brand is the plane ?
what does the mat say ?
what is the url shown on the mercedes-benz ad ?
where does the ad say mercedes-benz world is taking place ?
what brand of skis is this skier using ?
what color are the chairs in the picture ?
what name is listed on the statue ?
what is the license plate of the bus ?
what is today's special ?
what are the two stores on the bottom ?
what is the name on the coffee mut to the right ?
what does the logo on the napkin say ?
what does it say on the lower sign ?
what is the number of the train ?
what word is displayed directly to the right of the woman's elbow in the image ?
what kind of tours is the bus used for ?
what advertisements are shown in the picture ?
what time was this photo taken ?
what store sells jewelry ?
what store is very bright ?
what store is a lit up name ?
what is written at the top of the card to the left of the scale ?
what color is the car ?
what year was the image taken ?
what name is on the front of the girls' wetsuits ?
what name is on the surfboard ?
what does the sign board next to stop sign say ?
what occupation, associated with food, is referred to in this image ?
what colour is the building ?
how many yellow flowers are there ?
what is the blue car's license plate number ?
what do the letters of the billboard on the hill spell out ?
what is the number on the train ?
what does the sign say ?
how many people are standing ?
what business is the sign advertising ?
what is the name of the magazine on top ?
what is the numbers on the lower right front of the bus ?
what company is being advertised on the fence ?
which court are they playing on ?
what number does "a.ram" have next to their name ?
what band name is pictured ?
whats written on the pink whale ?
what is the color of the driving signal light
what is the paper name
what website is this picture posted on ?
what letters are on the side of the jet ?
what numbers are on the rear of the armored vehicle ?
what team is that ?
what is the number display on the red bike
what is name of the bike
what website is displayed ?
what store is located on the corner ?
which bank's atm is pictured ?
what is the brand on the baseball bat the man is holding ?
what sign is on the school bus ?
what is written on this man's hat ?
what word is on the boys shirt ?
what color are the boys eyes ?
what sport are they playing ?
who owns this image ?
what is the number of the horse pulling the jockey ?
what is the picture show in the image ?
what id the name of the company ?
what is the number mentioned ?
what brand is the gray shrit ?
what is the second english word written on the sign ?
what is the first word listed in the picture ?
what is written on the door ?
what number is visible on the front of the train ?
the number 14 appears on the white post, true or false ?
where was this ruler made ?
what does the man's shirt say ?
what is the registration of the yellow car ?
what is the name of the shop on the corner ?
what does the red sign instruct you to do ?
what is the man holding to his ear ?
what is the brand of this product ?
what type of nutrition does this product refer to ?
what is the text on the side of the bus ?
what kind of books are shown ?
what is the name of the airline ?
which brand is the remote in the middle to the left ?
who manufactures the remote in the middle to the right ?
what is written on the rightmost remote's directional pad ?
what time is it ?
what does the word on the shower curtain say ?
what does it say on the framed photo ?
what is the name at the top of the store ?
what does the yellow sign say ?
what is written on the tractor
what brand is the boat motor ?
what is the brand name on the bottle the man is holding ?
what is the first and last name of the photographer ?
what number is on the back of the bus ?
what will you find to the right according to the sign ?
what is the middle word in the bottom row of text on the sign ?
what is the title of the magazine article ?
what is the airliner name for the blue airplane ?
what is written in white on the bench ?
what nationality is the man pictured ?
what are the numbers on the door ?
what day is the store closed ?
when was this taken ?
what is written on the bottom right ?
how much weight can this pick up ?
what is the product ?
what is the sku number ?
what webpage is written on the bottom ?
whos party is it ?
what is written above the sign board
what is the name of this street ?
what is the name of the company listed on the badges of the people ?
what is the first name of the man in the photo ?
what is the first name of the female in the photo ?
what kind of sign is this ?
what is written on the quotes ?
what animmal is used in the message ?
what animmals you can see in the picture ?
what is the year that can be found in the photo ?
what website name can be found in photo ?
what is the first number of the year found in the photo ?
what name is just under the windshield ?
what is written on the green wall ?
what is the name of the team ?
who is the author of the book in the picture.
what does the big red sign say ?
what college (full name) is to the left of the image ?
how far away is the state prison, according to the sign? (just the number)
what kind of animal is visible ?
who took this photo ?
what text is displayed on the screen ?
what is the white word above the food ?
what is the number on the left police car ?
what is the green text on the white sign ?
what is the name of the orange truck ?
what number is showing in the picture ?
what number are the candles making ?
what letters are on the red square on the mans shirt ?
what are the first three words on the tv ?
what numbers are printed above the headlights on both sides of this railroad car ?
what is the number on the sign situated near the rear of the railroad car in this photo ?
from what brand are these slippers ?
what is the plane number ?
what is printed on the car door ?
what type of computer is shown ?
what is the date of the image ?
how many pens do you see ?
what is the inniatials written on the blue buildings ?
who operates this airplane ?
what is the name of the motorcycle box ?
what is the phone number for delivery ?
what is the license plate of the motorcycle ?
what car company is sponsoring this tournament ?
what is written on cardboard box
what does the store sell ?
what is written on the green paper cup ?
what is this train station called ?
what is the word between the books ?
what is the letter on the left of the books ?
what number is on the front of the train ?
what word is written in orange and beings with an s ?
what is written in the red section ?
what is the name of this baseball team ?
where will the first freeway exit take you ?
what is written on the ladies pants ?
what is the name on the front of the bus ?
what year is the image copyright ?
who holds the copyright ?
what is the number on the front of the train ?
who does the sign warn may be crossing the road ?
what is does it say in red ?
what is the word in white on the second line on the t-shirt on the left ?
what is the sign in the image ?
which airline is being shown ?
what is the text on the left ?
what are the letters of the brand right next to the blue and white logo ?
what are the three letters visible on the front of the pitcher's uniform ?
which street name is on the bottom sign ?
which street name is on the top sign ?
what is the speed limit ?
what is the name of the avenue on the street sign ?
what is the name of the numbered street on the street sign ?
what is the sign of board reference ?
what is the name of the city on the bus ?
what is the word on the screen to the left of the model ?
what is the brand of sunscreen ?
what company does the truck work for ?
what route goes to washington ?
what is the website of the company that owns the copyright of this image ?
what is the name of the police department ?
what is the name on the largest plane ?
what is the company name in orange ?
what date is displayed on the sign ?
what is the license tag of the white car? use periods for the dots.
what large letter is on the square blue sign ?
what does it say on the watermark ?
what is the number on the black shirt ?
what company is the sign for ?
what is the destination of the bus ?
what number is above the headlight on the bus ?
what is the tag on the photo ?
what is tell as the board.
what number is listed on the top screen of the bus ?
what is the bird doing ?
what is the name of this park ?
what street are we on ?
on the blue sign what is the name of the pawnshop ?
what question does the advertisement ask ?
what name written on the player's pant ?
what is circled in white ?
what is the blue text from the 
what is written on the black camera lens cap ?
what letter is on the hat of the man running ?
what is the catcher's player number ?
what is the brand name displayed on the store ?
what is the name of the clothing company displayed in the photo ?
what does the red sign say ?
what kind of donuts would the man on the right be likely to enjoy ?
what is the brand on the display window ?
where is the bran kurt geiger from ?
what is this pictures copyright information ?
what are the words that are written to the right of the woman ?
what letter is under lobby ?
what is the name of the tour company ?
what does the top sign say ?
what does the middle sign say ?
what phone number does the bottom sign give ?
what sports team is on the father's shirt ?
what is the content of the green container ?
which area of the us is mentioned on the t-shirt ?
how many people are reading the banner ?
what is written on the green cartel ?
what is written on the side of the bus ?
what is the name of the street ?
what are the numbers on the sign ?
what is the name of the street ?
what is written on the red sign ?
what is written on the neon lights ?
what words in yellow are on the red striped sleeper ?
what is the brand name ?
what product is in the can ?
what type of salt is used on the green beans ?
what does the text say ?
what is the name of the street
what word is written near the front of the plane ?
name of photographer ?
which place it is actually located ?
what is 700 away ?
what is the website of the company ?
what is the middle word in the black text box ?
what is the first word of the company name ?
why is there a caution sign ?
where is this picture located ?
what studio took this photo ?
what year was this taken ?
what is the third word at the bottom of the picture ?
where is the bus going ?
what is the name of the bus line ?
what letter is at the center of the tire ?
what was that guy's lisence plate ?
what cothing store is to the right ?
what price is the hotdog ?
what numbers are illuminted ?
what does the green sign say ?
where is the station located ?
what animal is crossing the road ?
which airline does the plane belong to ?
what is the color of the bellow traffic light ?
what is the first word of red text on the sign ?
what is written on the wall of the building ?
what does the octagonal red sign say ?
at what date was this picture taken ?
which country is this ?
what is the date of the photo? (dd-mm-yyyy)
which branch of the u.s. military is represented ?
what is the name of the the green newspaper stand ?
what is the address on the black sign ?
what meat is in the package ?
what is the name of the sport written on the wall in the image ?
what is the name of the product on the left ?
what is the name of the airlines ?
what is the name of the drink shown on the red box in the back of this restaurant ?
what is written on the bus ?
what is the d word in thsi picture ?
what words are displayed next to the copyright symbol in the upper left of the image ?
what is the number on the clock
what is the main color of the train
what is in the bottle according to the label ?
what is the month on the rock ?
what is the full number of the train starting with 9 ?
what kind of parking is available ?
what is the road number on the large sign ?
what town does the large sign point to ?
what is the name of the plane airline ?
which tournament is this ?
what resturant is in the picture ?
who does the copyright belongs to ?
when was this photo taken ?
what is the website listed on this photo ?
what street is the stop sign on ?
what is the second word written on the airplane ?
what is the date in the corner of the image ?
what are the series of numbers listed on the top line of the cardboard box ?
what is the number under usa ?
what is the name of the superhero ?
what photographer took this photo ?
what title is on the book jacket ?
who owns the cattle above ?
what is the number of player who is ready to smash the ball ?
what is the number above the bus door ?
what kind of vegetables are in this mean ?
what company made this meal ?
what is the name of this tape ?
what is the name of the building ?
what is the name of the store
what does the street sign say ?
what is written on the red sign ?
what country does the blue sign direct people to go ?
what type of soup is named on day 7 ?
what vegetable is on day 14 ?
what type of fish is on day 30 ?
what is the football player's name ?
what streets meet at this intersection ?
what is the railway company ?
what is the name of the player in red ?
how many band aids comes in the blue's clues box ?
how many band aids comes in the spongebob squarepants box ?
how many band aid box ?
what is the color of the band aid box ?
what is the number written infront of the band aid boxes ?
what is the number and letter on pole ?
what is the name of the largest store in the picture ?
what is the poster of the dog informing ?
what is the name of the airline shown ?
what kind of park was this picture taken ?
what is written on the lowest sign ?
what is written on the wall ?
what does the top most sign say ?
who has the copyright on the photo ?
which street does the street sign point to on the right ?
on this sign, what letter comes after d ?
what was the time when this picture was taken ?
what does the traffic sign means ?
which road crosses the laureal ridge road
what does the button say ?
what is the code that should be entered ?
what is the flavor of the cake ?
what is the chocoalte made of ?
who is the message made out to on the sign ?
what should residents do with their access card ?
what is written on the traffic sign ?
what company is advertised in the backround ?
what is the motel's phone number ?
what is the name of the food provider ?
what date and time is printed on the photo ?
what drink does the van sell ?
what is the full name listed on the building ?
what country is the soldier serving in ?
what branch of the military is the soldier in ?
what are the people celebrating ?
what word is on the clock ?
where is this advertised  ?
what is written on the side of the moneybox ?
what text is seen on the logo ?
what does the yellow sign read ?
what is written on the red sign ?
what is written on the black sign ?
how much yen is the special price ?
what is the name after otomo ?
what is the name of this drink ?
what is written on the laptop ?
what coffee is on the table ?
how many microwave watts are these directions based off of ?
what website address is shown on the watermark in the bottom right ?
what does the red sign say ?
how many people are playing trumpets ?
where is the dr pepper from ?
how many ml are in the dr pepper ?
what magazine claims bob's coffee & doughnuts is the best in la ?
what is the number on the mailbox ?
what number is located at the top right corner of the train ?
what does the bold text on the blue sign read ?
what words are in white lettering on the street sign ?
what is the name of the street displayed on the street sign on the left ?
what does the uppermost sign say ?
what the number on the red shirt
what does the bottom sign say ?
what is the maximum volume of this jug ?
how much is the fair market value ?
how much is the par value per share ?
what is the third account listed ?
what is written on the side of the bus ?
what gallery is in the title of the blue book on the right side
what number is on the cup ?
what jersey number is the catcher ?
what time does the clock tower show ?
what type of fish does this couple's medicine come from ?
what is written on the right side of the white bus
who is the photographer that took this photo ?
which room is that
what is the word of the tag ?
what is the name on the wrapper ?
what text is written beneath this dog ?
what is the red car professionally ?
what is the date on the phone
what time is one the phone
what does the phrase at the top of the ad say ?
who took this photograph ?
what is printed on the green background street sign at the middle top of this photo (street sign) ?
what may specifications do ?
what is the name of the shop shown in the picture ?
what is name of red wagon ?
what kind of food is in the box ?
what word contains an r ?
which numbers can be seen on the front of the train ?
which letters can be seen on the front of the train ?
what is the name of name fo this route ?
who name is on the bench
what year did he die
what is the bear that is blue ?
what is the number for player named mauer ?
what is the title of the book ?
what is written on the school bus
what is the tag written on the window
what is the license plate number of the white car ?
what type of species is this product for ?
what brand name does this product have ?
what is written on the slipper
what does the image say on the bottom left ?
what brand name is written on the front of the referee's stand ?
what brand name is written on the barrier between the court and the stands ?
what does the white jersey say ?
what company's name is in the bubble on the left of the chinese text ?
what does it say on the blue sign ?
what brand of clothing does this store carry ?
what does the sign read ?
what is the name of the road on the green sign ?
what city is written in red on the street sign ?
what number is on the sign ?
what is the street name ?
what is written on the red sign ?
what number is written in front of the train ?
how much is the discount on the sign board ?
what is the word on the binocholars ?
what fuel does the bus run on ?
what does it say in white lettering under the logo on the right of the black background ?
what three letters are visible in orange text on a white backgroun to the left of the plane ?
what web address is given at the bottom of the photograph ?
how many stools are there ?
how many window are on the bus ?
what street name clearly appears in the image ?
what does the black sign with a white arrow indicate ?
what does the sign right below tell us ?
what does the red sign say ?
where was this event held ?
what year was this winter olympics ?
where are two of these women from ?
how many items are there on the tray ?
what year was this image copyrighted ?
which state is the shop located ?
what city is the shop located in ?
what name is on the red awning ?
what name is on the black awning ?
what word is written on the vehicle ?
what year was the picture taken ?
what number is the batter ?
what is the percentage off that is written on the sale signs ?
what is the name in front of the train ?
what is labeled on the white arrow ?
what is the street name ?
what is the name of the building ?
what is the name listed on the briefcase ?
what is the yacht called ?
what is the country code of the yacht ?
what year is located in this photo ?
what is the brand of the kayak ?
what tour are these people waiting to take ?
what does it say on the box on the right ?
what is the number on the ads
what is the name at the top of the atm ?
what is written the largest on the atm screen ?
what does the orange bottle say ?
what does the tan bottle say ?
what is the work called
what time is the mail pickup on saturday ?
what is the store's name ?
what does the red sign read ?
what is written on the tail of the airplane ?
what does the sign say ?
what information is displayed on the bus ?
what is the name of the car dealership ?
what brand is this phone ?
what word is sprayed on the wall ?
what initial is tagged near the bottom of the red sprayed skull ?
what are the last two words of the sentence on the wall ?
what word is printed in the shirts ?
what number is on the banana ?
how many ounces is the bag of carrots ?
where were the carrots harvested ?
what is the license plate number ?
what letters are on the microphone to the far right ?
what is the number p[late of train
what is the name mentioned on train
what is the last word, in blue and red, on the front of the truck ?
what is the band name ?
what he is riding on the picture ?
what is being worked on ?
what color hat is the man wearing ?
name of field ?
what does the sign say ?
what is the brand of the mixi ?
what number is displayed on the side of the truck ?
what is the model of the truck ?
who uses this truck ?
what event is this ?
what brand is the motorcycle ?
what is the first word on the teal card ?
what car brand is advertised on the boards ?
what are the letters before paribas on the banner ?
what comes after copa on the side wall ?
what is the brand of motorcycle ?
what word in blue is on the top left of the sign ?
what is the name of the phone company
what does the shirt say ?
what word appears above the green and yellow line ?
what is written just below the green line ?
what word is printed after home ?
what is the name of the book in the middle of the stack ?
how much can you save ?
what color is the can ?
what does the large white text read
what is the website being advertised in this image ?
what does the watermark say ?
what type of toy is the brown bear ?
what is the name of the train ?
what is the name of the company on the truck ?
what is the name of the store on the left ?
what is the number of the front bus
what is the store brand with the white letters
what is the number written in black, on the white portion, on 3 of the signs ?
what road is this ?
what airline is the nearest plane ?
what is the model of the nearest plane ?
what city is this police dept from ?
what number is written in yellow on the front of the first bike ?
who is the photographer of the image ?
what kind of adventure will you go on ?
what is the website posted on the vehicle ?
what name is printed on the side front in blue ?
what holiday is this dish celebrating ?
what number is the bus
where is the bus going
what is the main sale price ?
what types of food product is being displayed ?
what kind of shop is this ?
what kind of brands available in this shop ?
what is the word in bright letters at the top left of the computer screen ?
what are the 3 letters in the picture ?
what is the highest number shown ?
what is the lowest number shown ?
what are the two middle numbers ?
what are the two letters visible on the top of the tin ?
what is the number written on the locomotive ?
which street is on the bottom sign ?
what number is the cat looking at ?
what is the brand of the stuffed toy ?
what is the date for this photo ?
what is the business just ahead ?
what year is the copyright ?
on what site is this picture.
what kind of team ?
what color is the light ?
what is the telephone number on the police vehicle ?
what color is the bus in the middle of the intersection ?
what is the website written on the image ?
who is in the movie oblivion ?
what movie poster is on the bus ?
what logo is on the boy's t-shirt ?
what is the name of park ?
what is the date shown in image ?
what word is on this turnstile ?
what brand is this product ?
what channel is on the television ?
what text is written on the top of the image ?
what number is displayed on train ?
what are in the shakers ?
what word appears under advisory ?
what is the top word ?
what does the second to last line on the sign say ?
what is the product
how many km away is machu picchu ?
what is the name of the beach on the sign ?
what is the fruit available to eat here ?
what is written in marker ?
what is in the bags being sold ?
what two words are in blue ?
what is the title of the grey book ?
what is the title of the far left book ?
what are the author names of the far left book ?
what kind of leopard is this ?
what words are on the display sign of the first bus ?
which company is listed on the truck in the picture ?
what is the word on the red sign ?
what is the name of the store ?
what is the address on the yellow sign ?
what is the name of the two objects ?
what number is the umpire ?
what does the sign say in the upper left corner ?
what is the train number ?
what is the name of this player ?
what letters are on the ball ?
what problem does the computer have ?
what options are provided for startup repair ?
what is the name of the punching bag
what is written on the red sign ?
what is written on the yellow sign ?
who took the photo ?
what city name is on the yellow sign ?
what is written on the plane, near the front ?
what is written on the back wing ?
what does this sign say ?
what is this advertising ?
where is the museum ?
what is the name of this museum ?
when does the show advertised in the top left open ?
what brand is advertised on the bottom floor ?
what store is in the bottom left ?
what is the top word written on the door of the car ?
what is written next to the copyright symbol in the lower right area of the image ?
what is the name of this business ?
which building is depicted in the bottom left of the image ?
on what stretch of road is this building found ?
what is the hotel called ?
what is the brand of the beer ?
who is the person who holds the copyright of this picture ?
what is the name of the tour ?
what is the manufacturer of the vacuum cleaner ?
what is the wattage of the vacuum cleaner ?
what is the building number ?
what is the name of the product for sale ?
what is on the green sign ?
what is the avenue number ?
what word is below the clipart ?
what is the name of the store ?
what musical group is featured on the poster on the wall ?
what year was this photo taken ?
what type of theater is listed on this sign ?
what is the name of this museum ?
how is this attraction described ?
what word is near the top right corner of the picture ?
which two letters are at the bottom of the parking meter ?
what is written in this picture ?
what is the name of the restaurant ?
what does the shirt say on the toy ?
what's written on the bottom of the truck ?
what is written on the pillar ?
what three words are written in blue letters ?
what word is in black letters at the bottom of the photograph ?
what is the last word on the sign ?
what letters appear first in the logo on the childs shirt ?
what type of school is this child attending ?
what is the text on the sign ?
what is the name of the volunteer ?
what is the role of the bald man pictured ?
what is the exhibit name on the purple wall ?
what does the sign near the ceiling indicate is nearby ?
what word is written on the road twice ?
what does the license plate say ?
what is the back words written in the bottle ?
what kind of street is down the right turn ?
what does the red traffic sign read ?
what is the name of the juice ?
what is the juice made out of ?
what percentage of the v8 is made of vegetable juice ?
what letter is displayed by itself twice in this photograph ?
what is the name of the business in this photograph ?
what number is on the bottom of the green banner ?
what is the word in black on the bench underneath the orange jugs ?
what company sponsored the lounge ?
what word is written across the top of the item ?
what words are circling the bottom of the bottom lens in the image ?
what does the blue sign say ?
what does the yellow sign say ?
what numbers are shown in black ?
what symbol is shown after 10 ?
what number is shown in white ?
how much will you have to pay if you get a fine ?
what do the buttons on the food processor read ?
what is the number in green on top of the bus ?
what is the title of the book ?
who wrote the book ?
who published the book ?
what is the number on this train ?
what type of sign is the green sign on the parking meter ?
on what date does the sign reflect the violation occurred ?
what does the white sign say ?
which word appears 5 times on the timer ?
what is the name of the boat in the foreground ?
what city is listed in the middle clock ?
how many clocks are on the wall ?
what is written on the building ?
what direction in on the train car ?
what numbers are after x on the train car ?
what is diana whyte's business ?
what is written on the front of the hat ?
how much player do you see ?
what is the name of the building ?
what store is shown ?
what is being sold in the cases ?
what is the location of the photo ?
what is the name of the station ?
what word is on the sign ?
what name is on the boxes on the far right of the bottom shelf ?
what does the pillow say ?
what is the number on the trolly be pulled by the horse ?
what is on the sign ?
what is this blanket made of ?
what is written on the boat ?
what does the sign indicate ?
what numbers are displayed on the window of the store front in the background of this image ?
who took this photograh ?
what truck number is the fire truck ?
what business is on the right of the fire truck ?
what train is pictured ?
what is the  first word over the entrance to the store ?
what is the second word over the entrance to the store ?
what is the first letter of the word on the store that is lit up ?
what operating system is on the computer ?
what brand is the vehicle poster ?
what is the title of the third movie poster ?
what is the first word in the black border above each poster ?
what phrase is on the green sign in the back of the image ?
what is the main title of this book ?
what is the full title of this book ?
what three letters are written ?
what does this sign say ?
what is prohibited ?
which volts shown ?
what does the yellow sign say ?
name of the street
what is advertised on the far right sign ?
what is the first word at the top of the sign ?
what is the name of the street ?
what is the word on the red sign ?
what does the black type that is just under the stylized plant in the logo on the frog poster say ?
what kind of coin can you only use ?
what do you have to do after entering each coin ?
where are the regulations located ?
what does the word in white say on the purple bib ?
where they are living ?
who is the photographer of the image ?
what street is pictured on the sign ?
what brand of airline is in the picture ?
what is the middle name to the bottom right of the photo ?
what is the first name to the bottom right of the photo ?
what is the last name to the bottom right of the photo ?
what does the big green street sign say ?
what city is this sign for ?
what team is playing baseball
what is the name of the poster on the wall behind the bald guy
where is the train ?
what name is written on the snowboard ?
what does the sign above the clock say ?
what does the clock say ?
what is written on the white traffic sign ?
what is the name on the side of the bus ?
what is the last name of the man the protesters want to free ?
what text is on the man wearing a grey shirt ?
what kind of loans does this place offer ?
what company works in this building ?
what word is on the neon sign ?
what word is displayed on the red octagonal sign ?
what is present in blue elephant
what is present in poster
what is the date
which brand of manhole-cover is on the street ?
what is the name of the farm ?
what is the price of the garlic ?
what is written on the book at the bottom of the picture ?
what times are written on the poster beside wednesday ?
what is the title of the book ?
what street is this ?
what is the bus number ?
what is written across the bridge ?
what is the first and second word mentioned in the chain ?
what is the center word in the chain ?
what is the last two words in the chain ?
what is written on the side of the train ?
what food is on the table ?
what is the road marking warning ?
what is location of this bus stop ?
what manufacturer is advertised in the picture ?
what type of intel processor is being advertised in the picture ?
who's memorial is this ?
what color is  main the  color of the clock
what does the red sign say on the building ?
when was the building made ?
who's convertibles are on the building ?
what make is the clock
what is the name of this motel ?
what is the name of the street ?
what is this photograph an ad for ?
what does this photograph say is unique ?
what is this photograph suggesting you do 'in a very special place' ?
what is this product for ?
how much is the dosage on bottle ?
what television channel is shown on the bus ?
what is show is being advertised ?
when is 'veep' being aired ?
what is the date on the photo ?
what number is the player batting ?
what electronic brand is advertised on the white sign ?
what does it say on the arrow ?
what company is on the the white shirt ?
what brand is the school bus
what is the name of the shop ?
what is the website of this building ?
what is the word on the frisbee ?
what is the bottom word on his t-shirt ?
what is the word above the word "mean" ?
what is the last word printed on the front of the building ?
which words are directly beneath the time displayed on the analog clock ?
how many hot dogs are in this picture ?
what does the sign say to do ?
what is written on wall ?
what is the name of the business ?
what number is on train
what is the first number on the front bus plate ?
what is the name of this recreational attraction ?
what company's name is on the right sign ?
what brand is the purple labeled bottle
where is the city the monument is presented ?
what type of seafood is pictured ?
what is in the bag ?
what does the light blue sign say ?
what are the people holding the signs protesting ?
what company runs the machine ?
what type of homes are in the image ?
where is this store located ?
what is the name of the gas station ?
what letter are on the vessel ?
what year is copyright
what does the red sign point to ?
what is the copyright on the photograph ?
what is shop name
what fruit does dole sell ?
what color is the toy dog ?
what type of cameras may be in use in the station ?
what brand is this surfboard ?
what is the title of the book ?
what does the bike say ?
whats the name of the company who took this ?
what is the name listed in the top window of the trick ?
what colour is the car in front of "discount imforts"
what is the website given on bus ?
what number can you see on the player with a black and white shirt ?
what does the traffic sign board say ?
what is the name written on the girls book bag ?
which brand of tennis ball is being used ?
what does the sign read ?
what number is painted on the train ?
which crushed fruit is contained in the yellow cans with red labels ?
what is written in white on the bottom of the white truck's passenger door ?
what is the website named ?
what does the road sign say in this picture ?
what is the name of the soft ice at the top of the truck ?
what does the sign say over the driver's window ?
what does the logo on the pink hat say ?
what two words are on the red awning ?
who uploaded this photo ?
what does it say on the man's shirt ?
what does the sign with the animal say ?
what name is on the top sign ?
what is the number of the plane ?
what is the name on the plane ?
what state is ben & jerry's from ?
what brand toilet paper is on top of the toilet ?
what is the brand name ?
what style of coffee is in this package ?
what is the copyright date on the box ?
from which airlines are the airplanes ?
which letters are on the pulling car ?
what movie is being advertised ?
what is the yellow car called ?
what is the name listed at the top left ?
what is the website listed at the top left ?
what word is written on the wright ?
how much dietary fiber is in one serving of this food ?
what word is printed on the rear of the plane ?
what is the number written on the back of the boy on the left's t-shirt ?
what is the name of the store in the background on the left, behind the trees ?
what is the number on the front of the train ?
what name is on the front of the building ?
which game box is on top of the stack of games to the right of the controller ?
what is the second word ?
what is written in the stands ?
what is the price of lemonade ?
what is the price of 3 eggs ?
what number is this bus ?
what company is this bus owned by ?
how many people in the picture ?
what is the phrase on the sign on this trucks windshield ?
save up to how much ?
who owns the copyright for this picture ?
what is written on the top-left corner of the picture ?
what is the destination of the bus ?
what was the depature location ?
what store represents the center ?
what does the white logo say ?
what is display on the red board
what is written on the red t-shirt ?
what does the violinist's shirt say ?
what does the young man's shirt say ?
which number bus is this ?
what musical is being advertised on the side of the bus ?
what number is on the sign ?
what is the name of the photographer ?
what is the first name of the image tag ?
what is the first word written on the wall ?
what is the largest word written on the wall ?
what is the name of this photograph ?
where was this photo taken ?
what are the characters on the license plate ?
what store has a yellow sign ?
what store has a circular sign
what store had no customers ?
what numbers are on the front of the black and red train ?
what does the red store sign read ?
what is the name of this establishment ?
q: who is the service provider for this phone? a: verizon
q: what is the time on the phone screen? a: 8:56 pm
what is the brand of this product ?
what is the advertising slogan on the box ?
what is the word printed on the frisbee ?
what is the last word on the cover of this book ?
what is the word that begins with the letter "o" that is located next to the water coolers ?
what is the number of the second brochure to the left ?
what is written in cursive ?
what is the number of the last brochure on the right ?
what you seen in red board ?
what you seen on top of red board ?
what number is on the bus on the far right ?
what is the name of product in the box ?
what brand is the lighter ?
where was the lighter made ?
what is the brand name of the microwave ?
who drives the motrocycle ?
what is the number on the right of the last rail car ?
what number is on his shirt ?
what number is the small hand of the clock closest to ?
what number is the big hand of the clock closest to ?
how many people are in the picture ?
what is the word on the banner ?
what text is seen on the largest flag ?
what word describes who this product is made for ?
what is the name of the product ?
bottom right letters ?
what city is listed on the shirt on the left ?
what is the second word written in red on the red and white box located on the lefthand side ?
what are the last 3 digits displayed on the red and white box on the lefthand side ?
what is letter is written on the blue tile seen in the mirror
what is written in green on the front of the bus ?
what code is listed on the side of the parking meter ?
what does the gas tank say ?
what does the red sign say ?
what does the green sign say ?
what is the name of this bank ?
what does the top left sign say ?
what does the bottom right sign say ?
what is written on the image ?
what does the blue sign say ?
which park is written ?
what is the brand of cargo containers in this image ?
from what center does the small kids vests say they are ?
what flavor is it ?
what city is the route headed toward ?
what route code appears in parentheses on  the sign ?
what letter appears within a circle on the sign ?
what is the word written on the wall the farthest upper right, behind the person ?
what is the slogan of the festival ?
when is the festival ?
what is written on the plane ?
what do the yellow letters say ?
what color are the chairs ?
what type of pepsi is in the picture ?
what numbers are located on the pay station sign ?
what is the license plate number of this train ?
what is the st. name ?
what is the 1st step
what is the 2nd step ?
what four digit number is on the front of the tram ?
what is the name of the boat ?
what color is his shoes ?
how many languages are in this photo ?
when was this photograph taken ?
what number is on the white jersey ?
what number is on the blue jersey ?
what cellphone company is being advertised in the left side of the photo ?
what does the green sign say ?
on the left, what business name and logo is portrayed ?
where was the ice custard from ?
what is on the blue stripe ?
what country is the vehicle from
what time is on the clock ?
what company sells the depicted products ?
what music artist is playing on the phones ?
what word is found in the bottom left corner of the black phone ?
what brand motocycle ?
what is written in the bottom right corner of the image ?
what is the first four letters of the text on the towel ?
what is written on the front of the giant grocery cart ?
what is the number in back side of person ?
what street names are on the signs ?
what does the green sign say ?
what team is playing in a red jersey ?
what is the player's number in the red jersey ?
what sport is being played ?
what is written there
what name is in the watermark on this picture ?
what is the license plate of the bus ?
what number is the bus ?
where is the bus going ?
what is the number displayed in the upper right corner ?
what is the fax number for the company mentioned on the truck ?
what does the large blue text on the near truck say
what vegetable is used to make this product ?
what is the brand of the mouse ?
what does the red writing say ?
what is the model number at the bottom ?
what does the street sign say ?
what is the top word on the yellow box ?
what is the number in the red circle ?
what is written on this mirror ?
what is written on the closest license plate ?
fruit name on the packing
what is the white bikes license plate ?
who does the sign say to care for ?
what is written on the shop sign on the right in red letters ?
what does the side of the tour bus read ?
what is the number of the number of the train
what does the street sign say ?
what is the brand of the red truck ?
what is the letter on the apartment building ?
what food is shown in this picture ?
what is the number on the sack in the bottom left of the image ?
what store name is on the truck ?
what is the make of the truck ?
what is written on the stop sign  ?
what is the left-most street sign ?
what store name is displayed on the red and white awning ?
whats is the insign of the market ?
what is the name of this rail
what is the train number ?
what word is on the octagonal sign ?
what kind of building is this ?
what is the name of the police staton ?
what team players name is on the back of the womens shirt ?
what number is the batter in this photo ?
what is the name written on the building ?
what is the rail of the train ?
what is wrote below diced tomatoes ?
what are the letters of the license plate on the bottom left of the truck ?
what is the number of the train car ?
what does the red sign say to do
what is number of the bus
what is number written below the bus
what is name of  the bus
what date is on the blocks ?
what is the name of the company advertising that they are hiring ?
what is the phone number to call for an interview ?
what does the watermark say on the photo ?
what time does lunch end ?
what note is posted on the monitor ?
what letter is shown in the middle fo the top row of the flag ?
what kind of sandwiches is on the arby's sign ?
what number follows the word at the top ?
what does the sign say ?
what company does the train belong to ?
what company owns the white shipping crates ?
what is the number of the bus ?
what word is repeated twice on the piece of paper to the right of the cat ?
what kind of phone is this ?
who said something ?
what does it say in english on the circled sign ?
what is above daily ?
what can you help yourself to ?
how many dogs are in the picture ?
what is the dog on the sidewalk wearing on its face ?
what are the first 4 letters of the text listed on the back board ?
what is the name of the academy ?
what is the website address on the image ?
what is the name of the book ?
is there a shirt company that is sponsoring this event
what is the name of the drive company
is there a textile company
what is the license plate number of the white car ?
what number is on the oven ?
which number printed on the clock is the minute hand pointing to ?
what is the street on the sign ?
what is the name of the restaurant written in red ?
what is the photo tag ?
what word is written under the duck on the blanket ?
what letter does the word start with down in the lower right corner ?
what word is on the right in the picture ?
how many different plates ?
what letter in the alphabet is repeated three times ?
what do you call a person who wants to harm you ?
what is another way of calling a motion picture ?
what do you call a disc containing a film ?
what is the store selling ?
what company owns the middle plane ?
what kind of plane in the bottom plane ?
what is the phone number to pizza empire ?
what street is pizza empire on ?
what brand of soda do they serve at pizza empire ?
which name says "london" underneath a tree ?
what is the name of the restaurant ?
what does the coffee mug say ?
what is the street name ?
what food is on the table ?
what color is the plate the food is on ?
what color is the plate next to the pizza ?
what color is the traffic light ?
what color is the school bus ?
what number is written in red on the sail of the left hand boat ?
what name is listed first ?
what cardinal direction is listed ?
what does the tail road sign tell you to do ?
what letter is in the white circle on the sign ?
which is the fourth numeral on the number seen at the sign ?
what is the first word on the projector ?
what vehicle brand is advertised on the blue sign ?
what's written on the street sign ?
who submitted this picture ?
what is the jersey number of the pitcher ?
what food is being advertised in the image
what is the name of this building ?
what is the name on the storefront
how much is the train ride ?
what is the picture called ?
what is the name ?
what color is the text ?
what are the last three letters of the license plate ?
what are the first three letters written on the license plate ?
what is this car's license plate ?
what type of animal do you see in the picture ?
what street is in the image ?
do the sign say stop or go
what is written with big letters on the booklet ?
what is written on  the wall
what is the brand of tennis racket being used ?
what is the name of the store with the white neon sign ?
what word is on the white labeled bottle ?
what word is written on the napkin ?
what year is this model of motorcycle from ?
what letters and numbers identify this particular motorcycle ?
what airline is the plane
what does it say on the tail
what is the brand name on the purple banner ?
what number do you see on the red scoreboard ?
what does it say in blue ?
what letter is on his hat ?
the visible text on the red sign in the distance reads ?
what word is on the street ?
what does the clock say ?
what word is on the blue and red jacket ?
what word is above the number 8 ?
what is the name of the newspaper on the table ?
what is the company name pictured on the front of the blue trucks ?
what is written on the ramp ?
what is the name written on the leftmost poster ?
what colour is shown with the word velvet ?
what does the first word on the girl's shirt say ?
what does the last word on the girl's shirt say ?
what does the second word on the girl's shirt say ?
what is the title of the book on top ?
what is the speed limit ?
what is the address written on the board ?
what is the name of the fast food ?
what number is displayed on the side of the racecar ?
what is written on the back of the racecar ?
what is the shop name in the image
which word is completely visable from beginning to end ?
what is the number of the first vehicle ?
what is the ship number ?
what is the last line of text to the right of the dog ?
what is written below the clock ?
how many people are dressed in light blue on the court ?
what word is upside-down in the image ?
what does this truck sell ?
what is the brand name ?
what airline is on the plane's tail ?
what s the plane's id number ?
what website is on the wings ?
what is on the square sign underneath the stop sign ?
what words are displayed above the woman's arm ?
what words are displayed below the woman's arm ?
who took this picture ?
who owns this picture ?
who is the sponsor on the wall ?
what is the photographer's name ?
what does the text in the bottom right corner say ?
what brand is the camera ?
what digits are displayed on the board on the left ?
what letters are displayed under the digits on the right ?
how expensive are the limones ?
what is the website shown ?
what brand is the crock pot ?
what brand is the computer ?
what time is on the clock ?
what is the make of the red truck ?
which town do the vehicles shown serve ?
what kind of food is advertised in green type ?
what does the ribbon say ?
what is the color of the truck in the background ?
who does the stocking belong to ?
what is the name on the stocking
what date is on the hat ?
what is the bus number of the yellow bus ?
what is the number on the back of the running shoe ?
who owns this image ?
what word is written in black on the sign
what words are written in green on the sign
what is the number on the blue shirt
what is the fruit flavor of the witbeer ?
what type of flight tour is the bottom sheet ?
what is the bottom word in white on the yellow sign to the left of the player ?
what word is in this image ?
which state is mentioned on the grey shirt ?
what word is circled in red on the grey shirt ?
what type of rock is on the grey shirt ?
what is the name of the apple orchard ?
what activity is offered at the apple orchard ?
what is this phone manufacturer's name ?
what is shown on the sign ?
what does the store on the left sell ?
what will only cost 15c ?
what type of house does the sign claim it is ?
what kid of tie is this ?
what street is displayed on the sign ?
what time is in the photo ?
what type of cheese is it ?
what is it made out of ?
who is the author of the book ?
what kind of access does the sign indicate ?
what company owns the boat ?
what letter is in parenthesis ?
what can be found by platform 10 ?
what is the name of the player ?
what word is shown to the left of the umbrella ?
what is the brand name on this lighter ?
what cigarette brand is shown in this image ?
what is the name of the pictured games console ?
what number is the motorcycle on the right ?
what number is the motorcycle on the left ?
what is advertised in blue and red lettering ?
what camera brand is shown on the lens cap ?
what is written on the airplane
what is the brand of the camera
what is written in the bright block on the rightmost luggage cart ?
what is the word printed on the banner hanging over the crowd ?
what is the first word on the scree ?
what is the license plate number on the car ?
what does the box say the tool is ?
is the can opener electric or manual ?
what is written above 116? ?
what does the side of the train car say ?
what word is on the red sign ?
what is written in blue on the side of the plane ?
what brand is this an add for ?
what in the mirror is closer than it appears ?
what is the last word in the saying pictured ?
what brand of spread is this ?
what is the last word on the sign ?
what letters are on the red button ?
what is the name of store ?
what is the year listed on the banner ?
what church do you attend ?
what religion are you ?
what kind of beer is advertised ?
what number is warren spahn ?
who is number 41 ?
when was the closest person's sweatshirt established ?
what number is the fire truck ?
what is the number on the cow's tag ?
what kind of fish are on the gray sign ?
what is advertised across the orange circle ?
what is the name of the company on the pizza box ?
what company's name is written on the building ?
on what mark of distance is currently the sportsman
what does the sign say to do on red ?
what kind of restaurant is this ?
what number is on the front of the train ?
what four letters are on the front of the train ?
what number is on the side of the train ?
what is the logo behind the tennis player ?
what is the serving size ?
what is the temperature ?
what website is shown ?
who is the photographer of the image ?
where are the coral reefs in the image located ?
what is the name of the top button on this remore control ?
what is the name of the button with the up arrow ?
what is the name of the button with the down arrow ?
what letter is on the door ?
what is written on the banner ?
what is written on the big green sign ?
what does the red sign say ?
what does the green sign say ?
what is the name of the italian restaurant in picture ?
what does the yellow text say ?
what foundation is sponsored in this soccer match ?
what is the name of the phone ?
what is the brand name of the diapers ?
what is printed on the plane ?
when was this picture taken ?
what name is listed at the bottom of the painting ?
what does the ad say ?
what is the visible license plate number of the car ?
what are the first four letters written on the back of the girls sweatshirt ?
what brand of beer is written on the side of the box near the girls leg ?
what word is shown on the top flap of the box of beer ?
what is the name of this new channel ?
what is the the topic of this debate ?
what bank is advertised on the wall ?
number on bus
who is the author on the book laying on the table ?
what is the date listed on the photo ?
what words are in the blue rectangle ?
what is the opposite of dumb ?
what is the opposite of expired ?
what is the opposite of hard ?
what is the name of the road ?
what is the name of the bakery pictured ?
what is the name of the clothing store ?
what is the brand of cereal ?
what is the bus number ?
whose name is in the bottom right corner ?
what is written on the wall
what is the number on the front of the train ?
what number is on the front of the train
what's the warning in the board ?
which word, a bedrock of christianity, is written on the boy's t-shirt ?
what is the number on the white jersey ?
what letters are written on the front of the train ?
what is the name of the tour company on the bus ?
what number is printed on the steel bus ?
what channel is this remote on ?
what is written in yellow letters ?
what is the name of the diner ?
what word is displayed on the red octagonal sign ?
what kind of filter is pictured ?
what kind of tool is this ?
what letters are written below the plus (+) sign ?
what letters are written below the arrown on the left ?
what three numbers are on the licence plate of the bus ?
what three letters are on the licence plate of the bus ?
when was this photo taken
what number is on the birthday cake ?
what number can you see on the shopping bag ?
what is name of business
what is written in large black writing on the paper ?
what is the third letter in large black writing ?
what is the last letter on the rectangular piece of paper to the right ?
what number is posted in the truck window ?
what is the name of the red shop ?
what is the number on the bus ?
where is the amtrak bus going ?
what phrase is shown on the brick wall many times ?
what is written on left corner
how are the frog legs cooked ?
what is this stall selling ?
what is the word in the star on the cup ?
what is the name of the store ?
what yellow word is on the purple sign ?
what is the function of the bottom left button ?
what is the function of the bottom center button ?
what is the letter written on the tennis racket ?
what is the bus number ?
what is the bus company ?
what is the bus license plate number ?
what is the name of the boat ?
what trademark does this photo belong to ?
what number is the car ?
what cell phone company is printed on the bike ?
what word is written on the red sign ?
what word is visible on window above the man's shoulder ?
where does the bus go
what is text on the wooden sign ?
what are the three innitials listed on the library sign ?
name of the car insurance
what is the name of the street ?
how many points do the visitors have ?
how many points do the cubs have ?
what team does the guy in the foreground play for ?
what is the name in the black board ?
what company makes this refrigerator ?
what are the words at the bottom of the image ?
what is the max height limit ?
how long is the grace period ?
what is printed at the bottom left of the image ?
what is the number at the top of the ruler ?
what is the middle number ?
what is the bottom number ?
what is name of truck  ?
which purpose of truck is moving ?
what make is the motorcycle ?
how many mile per hour does the sign show ?
what red letters appear on the lower portion of the motorcycle ?
what is the number of the front motorcycle ?
what are the letters after the copyright ?
what does the building say in red ?
what is legible on the menu ?
what word is in bold print on the book
what shape dose the bubbles form in the cup
what is written in the glass of drink ?
what is the website present in left corner
what does the last light up letter say ?
is this a baseball team ?
why would they name their team this ?
what are those uniforms made of ?
what does the second tail fin say ?
what type of food is mentioned on the sign ?
what does it say in the corner of the photo ?
what does it say on the napkin ?
what number is written in white
what number is on the truck ?
what town name appears on the pitcher's shirt ?
what is the name of this area ?
who's name is on this wall ?
no dogs where ?
what is the photo tag ?
what number is shown on the top/front of bus ?
how many windshield wipers are on the first bus ?
what does the sign on the wall say ?
what does the yellow box say ?
what letter is on his cap
what is the biggest word in the phrase behind the men ?
what is the bus number ?
where is this bus going ?
what does that say on top ?
what nubmer given in train
what is the time on the clock ?
what three timezones are shown
what year is shown on the fire hydrant ?
who is the university secretary mentioned in the scrolling newsfeed in the image ?
what is the vehicle number
what is the number on the truck ?
what is written on front of train
what does it say on the red sign on the left ?
how many street lamps do you see in the image ?
what color is the awning on the building ?
what are the last four digits of the phone number ?
what is written below the image of the woman on the right ?
what is the second word above the photo on the box on the left ?
who copyrights this picture ?
what year does the image demonstrate ?
what is the name written on the bus ?
what event is this ?
who is the main sponsor of the event ?
what truncated letters are visible in the red sign company sign on the left ?
what words are in white lettering on the blue sign on the right ?
what word is written over the word snow ?
what is written on the side of the plane ?
what brand are the flip flops ?
what number is on the orange sign ?
what is restorante name ?
what number is the third-base coach ?
when was this photo taken ?
what company manufactured the remote ?
what 3 words appear on the back of the bike ?
what kind of bird is named ?
what is the name of the store ?
what is the destination of the white bus
what is the license plate of the white bus ?
what is the number present in the bus
what station is this ?
what is the train number plate ?
what school does the school bus along t what school does the school bus belong to ?
what does pertamina mean ?
what is product name
what is food
what is this place
who is the owner of this picture ?
what is the cat's name ?
who is the head cat at helmsley walled garden ?
what type of shop is this ?
what is the brand name ?
what is the word written in red paint ?
what number is labeled on the bike ?
what is written on the front wheel of the bike ?
what is the word that appears below the giant clock ?
what name appears above the drawing of spectacles ?
what is the name written at the top of the yellow door sign ?
what reads on the front of the dark pillow ?
what is written inside the arrow ?
what is written in the red rectangle ?
what is the license plate number on the bus ?
what should you do after stopping at the second sign ?
what is the brand name on the white square in the elevator ?
what is the word written all over the wall ?
what is the license plate number of the motorbike ?
what is written on the green wall ?
what word is printed beneath the arrow ?
what brand is the purple bottle ?
what should you use to clean your skin ?
who took this picture
what year was this taken
what words are printed across the dog ?
what is the photography company name ?
what is the website written across the bottom ?
what seasons are listed on the sign ?
who produced this image ?
what is the license plate number of the black car ?
what is the year on the black car ?
what is written under the year on the black car ?
what brand is the car ?
what are the two black letters that can be seen in the banner behind the batter ?
what is written on the sign
what is written on the gravestone next to the sign
what is the brand of the cat food ?
what does the yellow sign on the back of the trailer warn of ?
what color are the largest letters on the side of the trailer ?
which car is ahead of 5639 ?
which car comes after 5105 ?
what is the business on the left side of this street ?
what is the large green word ?
what is the train number ?
what brand is the laptop on the left ?
who is being interviewed
who is the interviewer
what is the parking for ?
what number is the batters jersey ?
what is for sale ?
what is the name of the coffee shop ?
what is the name of the store
what number is the batter ?
what does the sign under the stop sign say
what area are the people standing in front of ?
how many cars are going on the road ?
what word follows "trans" on the book cover ?
what does the text in the green rectangle say ?
what word is on the building ?
what is the name of shop
what is the name of the store on the right ?
what is the written on the plane ?
what style hotdog is that ?
what is the name written on the top left corner of the image ?
what is the number of this bus ?
who is the maker of the clock ?
what is the name above the clock ?
what food items are on the yellow sign ?
what does it say written in blue ?
what is the first phrase on the mans shirt ?
what is the street name ?
what year is above the year 2015 ?
what four letters follow j in the banner ?
what is the tag number ?
what are the words on the top sign ?
what are the numbers shown below the engine ?
what is the lowest number listed in the picture ?
what word is printed in black on the silver truck trailer ?
what is in the white box on the shelf ?
what does the back wall say ?
who is playing in this tennis match
what is the first word of the tag ?
what is written on the traffic sign ?
what is the store on the left ?
how many boats on there
what is written over the bench ?
what does the text over the windows say ?
what word is on the chair ?
how many wheels are on the plane ?
what is the name on the plane ?
what is the main color of the plane ?
what are the letter on the blue tarp behind the tennis player ?
which buildin is the pedestrian  passing nearby ?
what does the black and white sign say on the left side of the image ?
what is this beer called ?
what year what this beer first produced on ?
what type of dog is this ?
what color blanket is the dog on ?
what is the name shown on the building ?
what does the box want you to enjoy ?
what is the name on the top of the truck ?
what is the brand/make of the truck ?
what is the destination in the bus window ?
what type of water is this ?
what kind of truck is parked ?
what name is written on the blue semi ?
what is the name of the store to the right of the image ?
what is the name of the airline of the jetliner ?
what is the word on the jet following the word turkish ?
what is stated on the breezeway connecting to the aircraft ?
which nationality is the sports league that is referred to in this image ?
what is the word under the man ?
what is the name of the carrier van  ?
what number is on the mudguard of the bicycle ?
what does the closest license plat read ?
what is the shop name ?
what is the year  ?
where is the shop ?
what does the license plate read ?
what brand is the camera ?
what is the name showing in tower
what is the logo of building
what's the number listed at the top right of the screen ?
what's the number listed at the bottom right of the screen ?
what business is in the building ?
what does the sign say ?
what is the company name in red on the building ?
what store is shown in the picture ?
who was the store invented by ?
what percentage off products does the sale offer ?
what is the name of the airline ?
what kind of gas is shown ?
what is the name of the gas station ?
what does the drum stick say above the words snakes and arrows ?
what is the brand of drum sticks under the signature ?
what does the large sign say ?
what sport is the women doing ?
what is the top of the typewriter called ?
what is the metal arm to the side of the typewriter called ?
what brand of typewriter is it ?
what are the numbers and letters printed on the plane ?
what single word is shown on the bottom ?
what three letters appear on the car ?
what is the name on the badge ?
what brand of soft drink is this ?
what is the year on this picture ?
what is the website ?
what is the name on the scissors
what two advantages are there to buckling your seat belt ?
what sponsor is shown left of home plate ?
what is the number located on the bottom right corner of the image ?
what words are displayed at the bottom left ?
what is the name printed in capital letters on the logo ?
what name is written on the last two lines of the logo ?
what does the street sign say ?
what pharmacy is featured in the picture ?
what does the large neon sign above the building say ?
what store is in the back ground ?
what is the storefront named ?
what does it say across the top of the photo ?
which is the shortest ?
where is the bus going to ?
what is the route no. of bus ?
what is the bus number ?
what is alaska's first city ?
ketchikan is what capital of the world ?
what does the red and white sign above the door on the wall say ?
what is written on the floor in white in the lower left corner of the picture ?
what is the word written under planet ?
who took or owns this photo ?
what is the text written on the left guy's shirt ?
what year was this picture taken ?
what is displayed on the screen ?
which festive hit can be found in this image ?
what kind of meat is it ?
is the turkey baked or fried
how long do you microwave it for
what are the last four digits of the black cars license ?
what brand of make up is this ?
what does the clothing say on the man in the image ?
what is the black text on the brown mat ?
what phrase is displayed overlaid on the abacus ?
what numbers can be seen on the baseball sign in the background ?
what year was this picture taken ?
what is the website printed on the bottom of the picture ?
what numbers are on the green barricade in yellow ?
what is the brand name on the red banner ?
what is the slogan printed on the white banner ?
what does the blue sign say ?
what number is beneath the flag ?
what is the license plate of the bus ?
what type of shack is this ?
what company made the cake ?
what letters are in the logo in the center of the puck ?
what initials are in the shield ?
what sport is this used in ?
what type of building is in the picture ?
what is the name of the hotel ?
which country does ryan harrison come from ?
what name is on the green building ?
what can you rent at this location ?
what is on the red sign ?
who loves sharon ?
what is the company name advertised on the side of the bus ?
what is the text in the green area on the bus on the right ?
what is the destination for the bus on the left ?
what does the cat want to ride ?
what are the three words listed at the bottom ?
what is the first capitalized word ?
what color is the tennis ball.
what does the plaque say ?
what is the brand name of the device shown ?
what number is shown on the top of the red device ?
what number is shown on the bottom of the red device ?
what is selling in this image ?
what is written on the top of image ?
how much is this bed marked down ?
what does of the week are printed on the white sign ?
what services does sign advertise ?
what is written in the sign board ?
what website is this picture from ?
what number block is athol ave ?
what is the street name on the bottom ?
what number is on the mans shirt ?
which state is on the mans shirt ?
who is the fashion for ?
what word is under the clock ?
what three-letter symbol can be seen under the board ?
what is the name of the city on this piggy bank ?
who take this picture ?
what is the last ingredient in the 'may contain' section ?
what is the slogan written in red at the bottom right of this photo ?
what is the number on the ear tag ?
what is the number on the back of the jersey ?
how many bowls are there ?
who is riding the motorcycles ?
what action does the box say ?
what are the first three letters on the red shirt ?
what fruit is on the label ?
where does it say it lands ?
what is the name of the store in the center of the image ?
how much is everything in the store ?
what is written on the yellow sign on the dollar zone store ?
what letter is printed in green on the white shorts ?
what is the name of the store printed on the sign to the left ?
what number is written above ?
where is the bus headed ?
what is written n white over orange ?
what is the 3 digit number is on the bus ?
where is the bus going ?
what is the name of the business ?
what is the name on the building ?
what does the wall say ?
what are the two words written in white letters ?
what is the name of this ship ?
what is the name of the recipe ?
how many cups of sugar does the recipe use ?
what type of restaurant is this ?
what is the name of the restaurant ?
on what website can this image be found ?
what is the cart with the red container providing ?
what is the middle cart providing ?
what is the number on the top of the person on the right ?
what is the label on the box ?
what brand is the mouse ?
what is the name of the bus service for the orange bus ?
what is the website at the bottom right of the picture ?
what is the website cited on the side of this truck ?
who are the people searching this truck ?
what is the license plate number of the truck being searched by police ?
what is the last visible letter on the shirt of the man wearing blue ?
what three letters are visible in the middle of the shirt of the man wearing blue ?
what word is located above the doorway ?
what is printed at the top of the vehicle ?
what do they support ?
what are the numbers on the truck on the right ?
what is the second word in yellow on the red bus ?
what is the first word in yellow on the red bus ?
which company manufactures the monitor ?
what is the message posted on the base of this meter ?
what type of food is this ?
what does the pictured sign read
what is the brand name at the bottom of the image ?
what company is being advertised ?
what is the name of the blue boat ?
what is the number of the blue boat ?
what is written in the top left
what heritage farm is this ?
what three letters are listed on the side of the plane ?
what does the clock read exactly ?
what words are in white lettering, on the blue signs ?
what word is displayed in gold lettering, above the taxi on the left ?
what two colors are written on the image ?
what year was theakston established ?
what is the airliner for these airplanes ?
what are the two words on the pink sign in the lower right ?
who is the bus congratulating ?
what does it say on the poster on the left ?
what does the building say ?
what is the first word on the blue sign ?
what is written across the front of the building ?
what number is on the pillar ?
what letters are on the white fridge magnet ?
what is written on the blue shirt the boy is wearing ?
what does the red sign in the picture say ?
what type of transportation is that ?
how nmany trains are there ?
what has chien-ming wang won for the first time in his career ?
what letter is printed on the tail of the plane ?
what is the name of the bank in the lit-up building sign ?
what is written on the blue banner ?
what does the sign read ?
what is the car brand ?
what is the number of the train ?
what does the sign in the top right say ?
what number is written on the front of the train ?
what is written in english on the image
what is the computer company that is printed on a sign directly above the man with the white jacket.
what airline flys this plane ?
what does the guy's shirt say ?
what is the website name ?
where does the sign welcomes you ?
what flavor of ale is shown ?
what is the bus number ?
what news station is this photo property of ?
what brand projector is this ?
what store are the buses driving past ?
what destination is the number 7 bus going to ?
what shows in the phone display
what is the name of the white truck ?
what is written on the red sign in front of the store ?
what type of wood is the board made of ?
what is inside this package ?
what brand is the tv ?
what is the brand of water ?
who's place is mentioned on the front of the tank ?
what is the brand name on the ointment ?
what is the brand
what does the sign on the hill read ?
what is being carried on top of the vehicle ?
what numbers are on the top right of the yellow sticker ?
where was this image taken from ?
what is the brand of the cellphone ?
what brand of snowboard is this ?
what is the name of the team on the jersey ?
what is the name of the store in the middle ?
which state name is represented on the blue shirt ?
what is the companies name of the plane ?
what is the companies website address of the plane ?
what are the letters on the plane's tail ?
what country is listed on the far right under the crown ?
what is the motorcycle company shown ?
what is the licence plate number of the trailer ?
what is the licence plate number of the motercycle.
what does the green sign says  ?
what is the name of the second store nearest to you
what king of message this road sign is giving  ?
what type of bus is this ?
what does there'd sign to the right of the image red ?
what photography company took this photograph ?
what number is this train ?
what is being sold on this van ?
what is the website on the van ?
what year is the copyright for ?
what country was the dish made in ?
how many results are allowed per page ?
how many results are there per page ?
what is the word on the red sign ?
what is the name of the street written in big letters, on the greet street sign ?
what sandwich is being described on the far right, white, triangular sign ?
what is the license plate on the truck ?
what is on the red sign ?
which year does the blue sign has ?
what logo can you see the red sign ?
how much does parking cost ?
what number police station is on the building ?
what word is on all the red buckets ?
what brand of vehicle is the model using ?
what year is this picture from ?
what type of vehicle is the model on ?
what year is the man's t-shirt from ?
what does the sign directly above the bear say ?
what popular coffee chain is advertised on the umbrella in the background ?
what coffee shop is this ?
what is the license number ?
what is the name at the top of the vehicle ?
is the device an ibook or a pc ?
is this ibook a g4 model or g5 ?
is the $ symbol on key 3 or 4 ?
what is written on the license plate ?
who is the photographer ?
name on the sign board
what brand is on the first blue box from the left ?
what is written on the red sign board ?
how many cars do you see in the picture ?
what is the color of horse head statue ?
what is the white word on the side of the black table ?
where did you get those napkins ?
what is written on the sign in the bottom right ?
what is the farthest-right word painted in white on the side of the building ?
what name is the sign in blue ?
what does the red sign say ?
what do you do when you see the red sign ?
what text is on the bus ?
how much does this comic book cost ?
what does is say in green writing ?
what year is the picture ?
what word is listed six times ?
which numbers are pointed at by the clock hands
what is written on the shipping container ?
what does the yellow sign say ?
what company operates out of this building ?
what is the red type printed on the side of the bus ?
what is the name of the food truck ?
what is the food truck selling
what square is mentioned in this image ?
what is written in the train
what sport is being played ?
what is the number on his shorts ?
what is the name of this place ?
is this a hotel or motel ?
what is the word under the arrow on the sign ?
what kind of cheese is in the package ?
what is written in entrance
what word is printed directly underneath the driver ?
where is the yellow bus headed ?
which direction on midland is the bus travelling ?
how much is the sale on the banner ?
what colour is on the plane ?
who is the author of the book ?
what is the title of the book ?
what is the first word in the title ?
what is the 3 letter word on the neon sign ?
what is the 6 letterword on the neon sign ?
what is present in the board
what is written in the red board
how many ounces of eau de toilette are the in the bottle ?
what is the word visible on the man's tshirt ?
what is the last word on the man's poster ?
what is the first word on the man's poster ?
what is the name of the photographer ?
what is the name of the photography company
what is the name of this shop ?
what is the name of the boat ?
what are the last two letters on the boat's hull ?
where is the bus going to ?
what name is above fruit products ?
what name is above the apple on the logo ?
what is written on the red sign ?
what company is advertising on the bus ?
what is the bus license plat number ?
what is the bus number seen on the digital sign ?
where is this bus going ?
what color is the airplane ?
what is written in white on the blue band near the top of the yellow helmet ?
what does it say on the large sign ?
what banking company name appears in the photo ?
what machine is being used by the people in the picture ?
what is the name of the atm bank ?
what does the first word say ?
what does the second line on the box say ?
what is the first word of the third line ?
what kind of doughnuts are advertised ?
what year was this penny created ?
what is the number at the top of the sign ?
what is written on the boat ?
what is the word written at the top of the sticker ?
which photographer shot this photograph ?
on what website can this image be found ?
what is written on the red sign ?
what is the name of the state ?
what brand name is displayed in on the store ?
what is the name of the store ?
what year was this photo taken ?
what is something that goes on salad ?
what number is this bus ?
name one work displayed on the packaging ?
who took this picture.
where can i reach mike baird ?
what is the name of the photographer ?
what year was the photo taken ?
what number is written on the side of the boat ?
what this picture is about ?
what does this say ?
what is written on the glass
what is the name of the store on the right ?
what is the road name ?
whose birthday is being celebrated ?
how long have they been serving american gardeners ?
what is the second word on the back of the person's shirt ?
what letter appears on the mug ?
what year was this picture taken ?
what is the brand name on the bigger box ?
what is the brand name on the smaller box ?
what is the brand name on the bottle ?
what does the two balconies say ?
what is the sponsor listed on the rider's pants ?
what is written n the sign ?
whats the headline of this newspaper ?
what is the man on the bikes job title ?
what is the number on the back of the last fire truck in the column ?
what is the name of the store with a 60% sale sign ?
what does the man's coat say ?
what company name is this ?
what is the sign of board reference ?
what year is this picture from ?
what is the website listed ?
what subway station is this ?
what name is written in black on the wall ?
what is the company name
what is the name of the country written on the wall ?
what time was this photo taken ?
what number is the batter ?
what text is displayed on the atm screen ?
what letters and numbers are in bold on the webpage ?
what hour is the short hand pointing to ?
what is the name of the street ?
what is the plate number shown
what is written on the baby bib ?
what number is on the batter's helmet ?
what is the telephone number of the shoe repair store ?
what day can you not park ?
what is the title of the book ?
who is the author ?
what two other books did the author write ?
what does this sign say ?
how many metres is it to the car park ?
what does the abbreviation on the boys shirt ?
what color is the man's shirt ?
what does the blue text on the wall say ?
what is the street called ?
what is written near the top of the box ?
what website name is written on the box ?
what is the name of the newspaper ?
what is the date on the photo ?
what is the name of the dog printed on the photo ?
who created the costume ?
what is the name of their league ?
what does the cake say ?
what brand is the tomato ketchup ?
what brand is the truck ?
what is the word above 'sale' on the sign to the far right ?
what are the two words directly above the watch in the ad ?
what is the original color of the woman's pants ?
what is the name of the kayboard ?
what is wilson's last name ?
what year did wilson die ?
what is the win described as ?
what is the goblet described as ?
what word is listed on the carton ?
what is the name of the tournament ?
what route is this ?
what park is nearby ?
what is the brand of the train
how many times do you see the word stop ?
what is the name of the company on the bottom corner of the image ?
what is the name in white writing ?
what is the date on this photo ?
what company makes the bike that the man is sitting on ?
what is the name of the product in the large jar ?
what is the brand at the top of the large jar ?
what is the top word ?
what high school is shown ?
what flight company is on the airplanes ?
what city is on the man in the middle's t-shirt ?
what does the sign say ?
what words are displayed on the red street sign ?
what street name is written in white on the green sign ?
what two letters are written in yellow on a black background on the upper riight hand side ?
what number is advertised on teh red billboard on the left hand side wth 4 circles displayed on it ?
what type of car is pictured ?
what word is written above stop ?
what letter is scratched out in the word can't ?
what shop is shown ?
what airline does the plane fly for ?
what airline is printed on the plane ?
what is the second word at the bottom of this photo ?
what letters are youable to read on the icing ?
what are the words in red ?
what are the words in yellow font ?
what is the letter in the lower right hand corner ?
what is the top word written on the front of the red vehicle ?
what is the name of the company across the street ?
what is sold inside the store across the street ?
what services are offered by the retail store ?
what is the price listed on the sign that includes an image of massage therapy ?
what is the number of the second cart ?
what word is written in red ?
what is the green number on the front of the truck ?
what is the spf ?
what is the brand name of the tanning lotion ?
what is the number of the first class carriage ?
what's the street name ?
what is the brand name of the tennis racket in this photograph ?
what is the model name of this prince tennis racket ?
what is the number of van ?
what is the man trying to fly ?
what kind of bus standing
what candy brad is featured ?
what holiday is mentioned ?
what words are displayed inside the white arrow sign ?
what word is displayed in white lettering on the red octagonal sign ?
who was the photogrpaher ?
what is the white bear saying ?
what newspaper is sold in the yellow box at the street corner ?
what is the name of the food truck ?
what is written on the big red sign ?
what is the number on the train
what is the logo on the train
what is the name of the device ?
who is sponsoring the baseball game ?
what company is on the pink sign ?
what are the names on the jerseys of the four baseball fans rooting for the batter ?
what three letters are printed on the wall ?
what watch brand store is here ?
what kind of food is being sold ?
what text is on the building ?
what is the house number ?
what does the print in the lower left-hand corner say ?
what is the bus's license plate number ?
what route number is the bus driving ?
what is the bus's id number ?
where is this girl ?
what is she sitting on ?
what sponsor is on the helmet ?
what letters are written in white ?
what letters are written in red ?
what is the sponsor in baby blue color ?
what is the store name on the left ?
what website is this ?
what is written in the park bench ?
what is the name of the bedding set ?
what is written on the back side of the big vehicle ?
what is written on the bottle ?
what is the color of the car ?
q:can traffic flow in both directions? a: no, its a one way
q: can you turn right? a:no
what is the name of the movie
what movie is playing ?
what is the movie rated ?
what is the name of the theater ?
what job does the person on the left have ?
what is the name on the street sign ?
what does the black sign on the left say ?
what state name is on the white area by the dugout ?
department of what ?
where is this ?
what is the name of the bar ?
how much fluid ounces does the bottle hold ?
what is the name on the side of the motorcycle ?
what word is displayed on the child in a blue shirt in caps ?
what is the copy right year of the photo ?
what is the name of the library one of the signs is pointing to ?
what building does the lower sign with the arrow point to ?
what brand is the laptop ?
what number is on the man's shirt ?
what is the man holding ?
what store is the green bus driving past ?
what is the number of the green bus ?
what word is printed on the top half of the sign ?
what is the text in the red circle say ?
what is written on the green board
what code number appears on the vertical brown beam ?
what is type of movies are advertised on the blue sign ?
what number is on the motorcyclist's shirt ?
what words are on the motorcyclist's shirt ?
what team is the baseball player on ?
what is the number printed on the vehicle ?
what type of bagel is on the right ?
what are the largest printed words on the book ?
what is the name of the author ?
what word is printed under the author's name ?
what is written on the top sign board ?
what is written on bottom sign board ?
what is written on the wall to the far left ?
what is written in the front of the car ?
how many work cones are in this picture ?
what is the business called ?
what is type of bus is that ?
where is the bus going ?
what should you wash according to the sign ?
what verb is present in the title of the book ?
what is the location in the title of the book ?
what board is associated with the textbook ?
what material is the table the pizza is sitting on
when was this photograph taken ?
what store is that ?
what price can be seen on the display on the left ?
which airline is shown in the top half of the picture ?
which airline is shown in the bottom half of the picture ?
what is present in the street sign
what company is this ?
what is the building number ?
what airline is the airplane from ?
what temperature is the oven set to ?
how much coating mixture is used for 2-3 1/2" pork chops ?
how long do you cook 6-8 1/2" pork chops ?
what temperature do you cook the pork chops ?
what does it say on the front of the train ?
what is the word in the upper right corner of this photo ?
what is the smaller of the two numbers at the top of the image ?
what is the larger of the two numbers at the top of the image ?
what is the brand written on the wall ?
what does the type on the side of the truck say ?
what is the shape of the product ?
who makes this product ?
who is sponsering this event ?
what name is written on the orange sign on the front of the refridgerator ?
what is the name of the comic closest to the camera ?
what is the name of the trolly ?
what is the number of the wagon ?
what is the word with the red background ?
what is the name of the company providing the drum sticks ?
what is the abbreviation of the brand name of the printer ?
what is written on the side of the blue truck ?
what is the word directly underneath the clock ?
what number is on the bill ?
what are the men cutting ?
what is the brand of jelly ?
what is the flavor of jelly ?
what is written on the wall
what is written on the picture
what is the red number  ?
what city is the train in ?
what does the red and white signs say on the train ?
what is written on bus ?
what does the text say on the building ?
what is the name of the store ?
what is is the airline in the photo ?
what is the name of the street shown in the signpost ?
what is written on the signpost other than the street name and cardinal direction ?
what is does the sign to left of the bear say ?
how many volts will the bear be shocked with ?
what is the brand of the computer mouse
what  is written on the top front of the truck ?
how many ml are in the aveda bottle ?
what shape is between the first two words on the shirt ?
where can you buy this ?
what is this chair called ?
what is written on the side of the train ?
what number is on the front of the train ?
what is the first letter of the word written on the bottom of the picture ?
how many persons are in this picture ?
what is written on board
what is the license plate number of the bus ?
what word is on the blade of the knife ?
what date is displayed in the lower right area of the image ?
what number is on the train car ?
what is the first name in the corner ?
what is the last name in the corner ?
what name is listed on the plaque ?
what does the unlit sign say ?
what business is listed on the bottom right corner ?
what word is to the right of the flag on the airplane ?
type what you see to the right of the airplane door that is closest to the tail of the plane
type the word you see that is on the blue shaded part on the lower half of the airplane
what is the name of the coffee shop ?
what is the name of the store ?
what does the card say under bentley flower show ?
what does the first word of the red text say ?
how long does it take to cook this food ?
what does the sign in the background say ?
what is the name of the motel ?
what number is on the skiers' shirt ?
what is the logo on the left say ?
what does the word on the lefft side of the shirt say ?
what word can be seen in white on the blue folder ?
what is the number of the red bus ?
what is the route number for bayshore ?
what is the brand of the laptop ?
what is the name of the airlines ?
what number on his jersey ?
what is written on the ship ?
who is the artist of this record ?
what instrument does this artist play ?
what is the number of the yellow train car ?
what is the slogan on the boy's t-shirt ?
where is this sports club from ?
what or who can you never trust until you have to ?
what name is found in this photograph ?
what is the traffic sign in the image ?
who holds the copyright for this photo ?
what does the sign board showing ?
what is the brand name on the ramp stickers ?
what brand is the bottle ?
what colors are the bottle ?
what kind of pot is it ?
what is on the black lid ?
what year was this picture taken ?
who is the sponsor listed on the blue wall next to the tennis court ?
what company is being advertised on the bench ?
what is the name of this bus ?
where does this bus go ?
what is the website for this bus company ?
what is the desk/window shown used for ?
what town/city is this photo in ?
what brand is the remote ?
what is the name of the company who produced this
which sport brand is written on the advertising board ?
what is the name on the store sign ?
what is the number on the building ?
what is the number of the first train car in this image ?
what is the number of the second train car in this image ?
whaat university is on the sign ?
what type of food is being sold ?
what should drivers do when they reach this sign ?
what is on the red sign ?
what time does the clock say ?
what is the name printed on the chain guard of the bike ?
what number is the batter ?
what is the name on the batter's shirt ?
what is the number on the batter's shirt ?
what sport is the man performing ?
what is the number found in the image ?
what name is on the hammer ?
what does it say across the large red banner on the top ?
what brand is the computer ?
what is this hotel called ?
where is it located ?
what are the white words on the blue portion of the building, in the background ?
what is the price of three books ?
what is the store in the reflection selling ?
what is the artists name listed on the photo ?
what is the number on the front of the bus ?
where is the bus going to ?
what number is amkiel ?
what does the sign say ?
what is the name of the city ?
what is the number on the sign 3 times ?
what does the sign advertise ?
what food is listed on the sign ?
what is the name of the restaurant ?
what is the number of the cricketer standing to catch ball ?
what is the second word on the blue sign ?
what is the number that can be read at the picture ?
which word is a color ?
what is the brand of the beer ?
which letter is shown in the bottom left ?
how many speakers are there ?
what is labeled at two ?
what color is the table ?
what does the white label say ?
what style, the opposite of old, is the furniture in the advertisement declared as ?
what is the red bus number ?
where is the red bus going to ?
what is the primary fruit being sold here ?
what is the name of the theater ?
what is the acronym labeling the missile ?
how many blue stripes are on the missile ?
what are the men playing
what are they holding in their hands ?
what is the name of the gym ?
what is the slogan for the gym ?
what is written under the picture of the alligator on the bottom left ?
what is the name of the photographer on the watermark ?
speed limit on the road ?
what is the name of this store ?
what is the store's phone number ?
what word can be seen on the below the window of the plane ?
what number is on the sign beneath the shovel ?
what brand of tv is this ?
what brand is the tv ?
what is the price offered on the books in this bin ?
what kind of books are located  in this bin ?
what is the church called ?
what does the upside down sign say ?
how many seconds remain for pedestrians to cross the street ?
what is the name of the company printed on the blue sign ?
how many kilometers per hour are displayed on the sign ?
what is the model name of the mobile phone on the right ?
what is the job function of the person in red ?
what does the blue lettering on the stairs say ?
what is the number in front of the bus ?
what is the name of the building in the background ?
what parking is located on the right ?
what is the name of this tattoo company ?
what word comes before darments ?
what number is shown ?
what number appears on the magnet ?
what are the words on the truck ?
what does it say on the truck ?
what does the text on the red cushion say ?
what is the number on the back of the jersey ?
what is the last name of the artist being displayed ?
what is the first name on the nameplate ?
what is the largest black letter showing ?
what does the text say
what is the first name of photographer
what is the speed limit on this road ?
what two colors are the umbrellas ?
what product is being displayed ?
what is the number of the bike infront of the picture ?
what does the copyright mark in the bottom right say ?
how much are clementines ?
what is written on the side of the yellow and blue box ?
what is the word before airlines on the side of the plane ?
what is written on the side of the parking meter ?
what is written in the blue circle with a white outline ?
what is the make of the red car ?
what are the numbers on the license plate ?
what name is seen on the person wearing jersey number 89 ?
what does the big red sign say ?
what street is perpendicular to bethel road ?
how much do the flip-flops cost ?
who just threw the basketball ?
what are the numbers on the players in red ?
what letter is on the shorts of the player in yellow who didn't throw the ball ?
what year is on the picture ?
what number on the coin in the front ?
what is the street name for st 500 ?
whats the most popular things on the picture ?
what is the orange sign advertising ?
what is the photo tag ?
what are the large black letters on the sign on side of the bus ?
what word has red letters ?
what is the text in the green box ?
what is the text in the blue box in the bottom right corner ?
what number appears on the upper left side of the white bus ?
what does the white street sign with the arrow say ?
what type of bus is the yellow bus ?
what word is printed on the woman's collar ?
what is written under the mannequin head ?
what is the yellow bus's license plate number ?
what is the maximum speed of the yellow bus ?
what is the brand name listed in the circle ?
what letters are printed in red ?
what is the number of the station ?
what is written on the wood panel wall to the left ?
what does the guy's shirt say ?
what brand name is on this blue bus ?
what is the number plate on the bus ?
how much in kg does this item weigh ?
what is the name of the outlet on the right ?
what is the store on the right ?
what foreign country is written on the rug ?
what is written on the scooters windscreen ?
what cardinal direction is printed on both green signs ?
what is something that is not provisional ?
what is the type of government where people decide the course of action ?
what number is that on the sign
what is the name of the business to the left ?
what is written in fornt of the store ?
what is shown in blue text ?
what is the animal in the picture ?
who's responsible for the signs ?
what does the sign not want you to block ?
what is the fine for blocking the box ?
what is on the sign that the man is holding ?
what is the batter's last name ?
what is the batters number ?
name of plane ?
what is the make of the bike ?
what is the model of the bike ?
what is the name of the plane ?
in what year was this picture taken ?
what brand is written on the poster in the middle of the image ?
what traffic signs are visible ?
what does the sign say you should beware of ?
whats the name on the router ?
what is the store in the image ?
who has the copyright to this photo ?
what is the route number of the white bus ?
where is the white bus going ?
what does the yellow sign say ?
what does the green sign say ?
what is the brand name of the gray car ?
what are the first three letter of the license plate on the green car ?
what number does the green car has on the license plate ?
what is written on the bag ?
what is written at the bottom of the picture ?
what temperature should your oven be preheated to, according to the directions ?
what is the date this photo was taken ?
what popular game is next to the dog ?
what is the date the photo of this dog was taken ?
what is the brand name of this santizer solution ?
what is written on side of the  bus
what is name of the  bus
what is written on center  of the  bus
what is the first letter on the license tag ?
what is the first letter on the item below the seat ?
what does the top line of the red shirt say ?
what word is to the left of the michelangelo banner?.
where is it likely that this drink and pastry were purchased ?
what is the name of the cemetery ?
what year is the chevrolet pickup from ?
what does the red text say ?
what number is in the picture ?
what does the white text say ?
what is the logo on the batters jersey ?
what is the first word on the white book directly above the cat's head ?
what is word comes after capricorn on the black book directly below the cat's face ?
what is the name of the horse ?
what is the number listed on the bus ?
what is the name of the news posted ?
what color are the peoples belts ?
what is the three letter word on the top of the bus stop sign ?
what branch of the military does the airport belong to ?
what is the nam eof this shoe store ?
what is written on the wooden box ?
what brand of toothpaste is next to the toothbrushes ?
what is the name on the front of the building ?
what number is the bus ?
is this bus a public or private bus ?
how much is the clock radio ?
how much is the item on the left ?
what is the largest number on the scoreboard ?
what is the first step of prep ?
what is the second step of prep ?
what is the third step of prep ?
what brand of soda is on the table
what is the number written on the tail of the airplane ?
to what company does this bus belong ?
what is the name of the company
what company name is wirtten on the materials above the wall
what is the number of car
what is the name of the airline
what kind of sports is going on ?
what is the number on the bus ?
what 3 letters are on the side of the bus ?
what is the brand name of the computer monitor ?
what number does the green bus have ?
what date was this photo taken ?
what color is the spout of the pitcher ?
what is the 6-digit number on the train ?
what is written on the blue board ?
what does the sign with the gold writing say
what does the sign say ?
what is the batters number ?
what is the name of the batter ?
who is player number 13 ?
what is the number on the front of the fire truck ?
what is the four word sentence on the top of the front windshield of the fire truck ?
what is the last word in the sentence on the top of the windshield of the fire truck ?
what is written in red
what do the words on the street tell you to do ?
what is the right most word on the airplane ?
what is the name of the venue ?
what airline is this ?
what letter and number is on the yellow box ?
what airline and gate number ?
what is the score for the blue player ?
what is the score of the red player
what does the red sign say ?
what is the name of the duty free store ?
what letters can you see on the building ?
what road is this street on ?
what is the name on this building ?
what company uses a golden crown in their logo ?
what is advertised on the truck ?
what county can the library be found in ?
what is the name of the town this branch is located in ?
what does the licence plate number read ?
what is the text of the home decor on the top right of this image ?
what is written on the banana ?
what airline is sponsoring this event ?
what sponsor is named after emirates airline ?
what word is at the bottom of the towel ?
what date was this image used ?
what is the name on the front of the truck ?
what is the license plate number ?
what does it say on the front of the red vehicle ?
what does the sign say ?
what number is by the car's front tire ?
what three words are on the car's door ?
what city is the food truck from according to the slogan below the name of the truck ?
what is the color of the couch ?
what material is the table made of ?
what website is this picture posted on ?
what does the blue bib say ?
what does the tan bib say ?
what does the green bib say ?
what does the man call spiderman ?
what does superman say to the man ?
what is the first letter of the second word ?
what is written in the speech bubble ?
what number do you call to order pizza ?
what is on the white sign ?
what saying is on the green sign on the bottom door of the refrigerator ?
what saying is on the green refrigerator sign to the left of the number 2 ?
what saying is on the white oval refrigerator sign ?
what is the first word in pink ?
what is the name on the back of the car ?
what number is on the brown box to the left of the fridge ?
name of website ?
what is the watermark at the bottom ?
who is credited for this photo ?
who manufacturered this camera ?
what is written on the boat
who was the photo taken by ?
what are the first two letters of the text ?
what is the manufacturer name displayed on the side of the box in the red circle ?
what website is displayed ?
what town is the blue sign for ?
what is the interstate number ?
what brand are the headphones ?
what is the year listed on the posters ?
what street corner is this ?
what type of people are in this association ?
what state is this association from ?
what word is on the red sign ?
what is the name of a country in asia ?
what is a product derived from milk ?
what are the names on the street signs ?
what is the number shows everyone ?
what does it say on the back of the mans hat ?
a desirable perfume brand normally preceded by the name of the most dominant religion on the planet is known as what ?
what zone is the sign in ?
how much does service cost in the downtown loop ?
what intersection is this ?
what words are in white lettering in the top of the image ?
what year is listed in the image ?
what does the sign say after 'no parking' ?
what price is the ciabatta
what is the price of the rustica
what is the price of the challah
what is the sign telling you to do ?
what brand is the dinner ?
what is the zip code of the return address ?
what are the city, state and zip of the return address ?
what does the bottom sign say ?
what is written in white on the black sign ?
what is the title of chapter 12 of the book shown ?
what number written in white appears on the boy's shorts ?
what is the corner name indicated ?
whats the last word in the statement ?
whats the first word in statement ?
what does this product smell like ?
what is the name of the hair spray ?
what number is on this street sign ?
what is the name above the animal ?
what date is displayed above the time on the clock ?
what occasion is it for ?
how much percentage offer sale ?
what are the big white letters on the red sign ?
what is bold on blue name board
what number is closest to the tip of the long hand of the clock ?
what number appears just below the right most skull ?
what is the first word written in black ?
which body spray is shown in this picture ?
what is the monument in the image ?
what is lying on the bed ?
what is under the scoreboard ?
how many points do the home team have ?
when was this magazine produced ?
who is the person riding the scooter ?
what is the first four digit number on the wall ?
where is the company based ?
what is the task of the lady ?
what is the green bus number
what does the pink text say ?
what is the first name of the photographer ?
what is the last name of the photographer ?
who published this photo ?
what is the name of the pizza company advertised on the boards ?
what is the name of the barber shop ?
who took this photo ?
what cost 5c ?
what do you pay for copies ?
what number do you dial for emergency calls ?
what is the brand of the cassette ?
what street is signposted ?
what avenue is being signposted ?
what is written at the bottom of the picture ?
what is this person buying ?
what store name is written in blue ?
what does the red road sign say ?
what is the country name given
what food is mentioned on the pieces of paper ?
where is the sponsor posted ?
where are all the letters on the image ?
what are the letters under the man in the maroon hat ?
what is the name of the coach company  ?
what is the brand of this coach  ?
where is this bus going ?
what is the number shown below the window of the bus ?
what is the license plate number on the car ?
what is the name of the street ?
what is the name of the shop that has shoe picture on the building ?
what is the name of the shop that has jeans pant display ?
what is the website listed ?
what is the white bottle of alcohol ?
how many pairs of scissors are there ?
what alcoholic beverage is on the counter ?
what is the toothpaste brand ?
what number is on the door of the train ?
what brand is the train ?
what is written above the entrance to the shop ?
what type of battery does this device use ?
its a gpslim what ?
where was the battery made ?
what time is shown on the phone ?
what word is across the center of the phone ?
what is the name on the nametag ?
what is written on the batter top ?
what name is written on the stocking ?
what numbers are displayed on the sign ?
what does the orange book read ?
which photographer shot this photograph ?
what movie is being watched ?
what does the crocodile represent ?
what is the name of the company that provides this photo ?
what does bottom sign say
what brand of motorcycle is this ?
what model of motorcycle is this ?
what kind of shop is this ?
what is written on the window in the middle ?
what makeup brand is bring sold on the right
which makeup is on display ?
what number is seen on the engine of this bike ?
what three numbers is seen on the bike ?
what three digits can be seen on the motorcycle ?
what is represented in this advertisement ?
what is the bus number ?
whose birthday is it ?
what is the gold letter to the left of the crown ?
what is the name of the toy ?
what is the temperature shown in degrees fahrenheit ?
what is the temperature shown in degrees celsius ?
what is the number on the white part of the bus ?
what letter is on the side of this machine ?
what is the brand name on the wine bottles ?
what does the front of the train say ?
what is the name of the store in the picture ?
what brand name is on the boxes of food ?
what is 1.99 ?
what food is from costa rica ?
whats the photographer name ?
how many peoples on there
what is the name of the boat ?
what is the first word on the second line of the busstop wall ?
what is the year of the bear in the lower right-hand corner ?
what is the text on the sign ?
how far is the starbucks ?
where is the mall ?
what is the white letters say on the first word ?
what is written on the first train wagon
what is written in red ?
what is written in yellow
what type of medicine which might have no effect is mentioned on a wall plaque ?
how long can you park in the loading zone ?
if your vehicle is towed, what number do you call ?
what is the name of the restaurant ?
what are the second set of numbers on the license plate ?
how many ways can you go here ?
what year is labeled in the bottom right corner ?
what is the time displayed in the bottom right corner ?
which number is on the back of one contestant ?
what number is on the right side of the clock/
what is the name of this business ?
what is the copyright label on the picture ?
what are the letters after richard ?
what is the number on the shirt of the striker ?
what is written on the border of stadium ?
what electronic company is on the sign ?
how many days are remaining on the sign ?
what is the color of the car ?
what is the number on the car's door ?
what is the date for this phot ?
what word is shown in the picture ?
what is this bus station ?
what color is the bus ?
what number is the bus ?
how many people are standing in the middle of the street ?
what is the main text of the advisory ?
what is the name on the forklift ?
what does the sign say ?
what are the first words on the painting located in the top left of the image ?
what is the name of the street ?
what is the jersey number that the player kearns is wearing ?
what is the name on the top of the building ?
what are the first two words in the text box in front of the man ?
what is the name of the hotel ?
what does the red sign say ?
what does the top blue sign say ?
what number is on the top ?
what is the name of the place with monkey's on the sign ?
what beverage can you get when thirsty here ?
what do the blue letters say on the green bike ?
what number is under the 40 ?
what is written in big letters on the train ?
what brand of projector is being used here ?
whis is end point ?
what is the brand of oil filter ?
what does this product filter ?
what is the name of the hotel ?
what is written in the triangle ?
what is written below the triangle ?
who makes this sandwich ?
what is the name of the company ?
what brand is this product ?
what is the name of the shop ?
what is the name of the restaurant ?
what is written on the cup ?
what brand of wool is this ?
what denomination is the money in the picture ?
what brand is the snowboard ?
what places have signs pointing to the right ?
what street does this street sign mark ?
what is the sign of board reference ?
what day is the street cleaned ?
what does the green and white sign say ?
what is the last word on the red sign ?
what are the last 2 numbers on the closest bike ?
what type of business is displayed on the yellow sign ?
what is number of yellow train ?
this is the national beer of which state ?
what is written on the image
what hotel is featured in the background
what does the text at the top of the yellow sign say ?
what is the bus number ?
what is the license plate number of the van ?
name of train ?
what museum is in the photo
what is the building behind the people
what is the boy's name ?
what is the bottom word in the bottom right corner ?
what is written in the large letters on the bottom left ?
what type of remote settings are available ?
what is the street name ?
what is the name of the town listed above the picture of the football ?
what is the name of the store whose blue sign is on the right ?
which president's name in on the tshirt ?
what is the name of the donuts ?
what is the sign of board reference ?
what name is written in the corner ?
what ice cream store is displayed in the photo ?
who is the band on this cd ?
what years does it cover ?
what is the name of cd from 1978 ?
what is the traffic sign on the left ?
what is written on the traffic sign on the right ?
what is written on the plane ?
what is the number on the right bike ?
what number is written on the white pillar ?
who took this photograph ?
what is the title of the product ?
what does the woman's shirt say ?
what numbers are on the parking meters ?
what is the word after "of" on the white building ?
what is the first word on the far left of the sign on the white building ?
what is the word after "indian" on the white building ?
what words are printed on the plane ?
what name is on the side of the railway wagon ?
what is the date and day shown in the clock ?
what is the brand name on the bottle
where can you go get a bite to eat here ?
what is the brand name of the motorized vehicle ?
what is the item code for the bra ?
what do 40d and 40c indicate ?
what exact dollar amount is written on the sign ?
what is written on there
what is  the telephone number on the sign ?
what is the street address on the sign ?
what is the top line written on yellow jacket ?
what is written on the second line on the yellow jacket ?
how old was sarah ?
what phrase is written on the baby's bib ?
which number appears in the t-shirt ?
what is the name written in the t-shirt ?
what website is advertised ?
what is the name of the store ?
what is the name present in the showroom
what word is listed in smaller print at the top of the photo ?
what country is written on this man's shirt ?
what is being advertized on the bus ?
what car company is advertised on the wall ?
what does the doughnut say ?
what is printed on the glass windows ?
what color are the pillows ?
what does the blue sticker read ?
what is last four digits of phone ?
what is the city name listed on the sign ?
how many calories does this can say it has ?
what is the name of the restaurant ?
what number is in the top right corner of the image ?
what number is in the photo ?
what are the first three letters on the white license plate ?
what company owns this ?
what year was this company established ?
what numbers are on the front of the railroad car ?
which way to joo koon ?
what is the name of the photographer ?
what is the yellow bikes manufacturer ?
what kind of pier is below ?
what is the name of this brand shop ?
what is the number of the red bus ?
what is the company name of the bus ?
what is the address given in board
what does the piece of paper read under the plate ?
what company is this bus from ?
how many lights are on the road barrier ?
what should you wash ?
what is the main title on the screen ?
what is written in red on the off white sign near the left edge of the picture ?
what is the number on the batter's jersey ?
what does this sign say ?
what number is on the side of the photo booth ?
what is the brand of these binoculars ?
what is the brand of the binoculars
what is the brand listed on the blue box ?
what kind of wine glasses are under the yellow kettle ?
where is this photo from ?
when was this photo taken ?
what is the make of the mouse ?
what direction does freeway 99 go ?
what days of the week is hazardous material prohibited ?
what is the red  letter written on the mouse
what is the black  word written on the mouse
who is the photographer of this photo ?
what year was the picture ?
who took the photo ?
what is written on the red sign in white letters ?
what kind of message this road sign is giving to ?
what is written on the sign on the the red brick wall in the foreground ?
what edition is the book in this picture ?
what does the octagonal red sign say ?
what is the first purple word on the bottle ?
who took this photograph ?
where is the bus going ?
what are the last 5 digits in the license plate ?
what type of car is this ?
what are the first 2 letters in the license plate ?
what are the two red letters on the train ?
what are the six numbers on the train ?
what is the yellow number on the triangular sign ?
what is the word is written on the bus ?
what is the name of the drink ?
what country is listed on the bottom of the picture ?
what are the letters on the jersey ?
what is the name that is listed on the side and the back of the van ?
what is the license plate number on the van that has the decal police on the side and back of hit ?
what is the name of the hair cutting place on the left side of the image ?
what number is shown in the sign for kcuts ?
what is a tindo bus ?
what is the number seen backwards ?
is this house in nashville ?
what color shirt is the child wearing ?
what are the words in yellow written on the blue sign ?
what is the name of the facility, written in big letters on the purple and black sign ?
what stre is in the center of the image ?
what does the closest sign say ?
what is the word on the green sign by the check out lane say ?
what type of vehicle is depicted ?
waht does the sign to the right say ?
what monument is to the left ?
what kind of white dessert is right next to the chocolate cake ?
what is written under "wildflour" on the black shirt ?
what does it say under that single chocolate cookie ?
what is the destination of the bus ?
what is the bus number ?
what company owns this bus ?
who is the card on the left to ?
what is the license plate of the bus ?
what is the destination of the bus ?
what is the third to last name on the right ?
what is the year displayed above the vase ?
type the first word on the left
what word is on the far right
what brand name is on the bottle ?
what is the speed limit on the road sign ?
what does the sign on the left say ?
what does the sign on the right say ?
what is the letter on the player's sleeve ?
what number is the baseball player shown ?
what service is mentioned on the right of the blue banner ?
what is the name of the national park ?
what two letters are shown on the truck ?
is this located on left of screen ?
is this image on a jersey ?
what is written on the front of the building ?
what is the number on the tv screen  ?
what does the street sign on the right say ?
what is written on the red logo on the left side of the box ?
what does it say on the side of the plane ?
how many bottles of water are there ?
what brand of gaming system is in the box ?
what is written in red on the right side of the board shorts ?
where is the double-decker headed ?
what is the copyrights last name  ?
what does the back of the bus say ?
what does the sticker above the american flag say ?
what is the number of the green bus
what is the name of the airline on the plane ?
what is the word in capital red letters ?
what does man on the right's shirt say in capitals ?
what is the capital word in red in this photo ?
what number given on t-shirt
what is the brand on the tent ?
last name of famous designer siblings ?
what is this train's number ?
what is the name of the brown ale
what type of ale is newcastle
what type of beverage is this
what does that sign say ?
what is one of the words on the black pouch ?
what's the first word on the bottom of the dog bowl ?
what is the third word on the bottom of the dog bowl ?
what is name at the top of the poster ?
what is written on this picture bottom ?
what is the name on the back of the green jersey ?
what is the name of the bus company ?
what is written in the background
what is the name of the pizza company ?
what is the top wrod on the cap ?
what name is on the green street sign ?
what does the yellow sign say ?
what type of meal is this ?
what year is this event ?
where is this event ?
what is written on the men's life jackets ?
what comes after faith on the sign on the wall ?
what is the word directly before the word box in this picutre ?
what is the message on tissue ?
what is the date of the photo ?
what letter is present on the back wing of the plane ?
what does the red traffic sign say ?
what is the date on the photo ?
what type of office is on the second floor of the first buliding ?
how many gallons does the box on the left advertise ?
from which brand is this bag ?
what is the company website ?
what is the brand name ?
what type of eye relief  are these drops for ?
what is the top street name ?
downtown in what city ?
what is the bottom street name ?
what is written on the white street sign ?
what word is visible on the yellow sign ?
what is the last word on the white banner ?
how much the sale is ?
what company name is shown on the tall and gray building ?
what date was this photo taken ?
what is the bus number ?
where is the bus going ?
what is the bus' license plate ?
what number is on the side of the train ?
what does the dark blue sign say ?
what city is this in ?
how many toilet rolls are there
what is the partial name of the company ?
which company name is shown on the icecream wrapper ?
what type of business is shown ?
wat is written in the commercial between first and 2nd level of the buss
how many total numbers are on the clock
what is the destination of the bus ?
what is the bus number ?
what movie is advertised on the red bus ?
what is the red bus number ?
what the name of the chinese restaurant in the picture
what brand of flavored water is advertised in the picture
what year is advertised in the background ?
what canadian city is mostly written in the background ?
what is the phone number on the billboard ?
what organization does this car represent ?
what car number is in this photograph ?
what is the brand on the cup ?
what does the digital sign on the bus say ?
what is the license plate ?
what is the plane number ?
what brand is this sneaker ?
is spa one of the sponsors ?
what website is advertised on this truck ?
what number is in the yellow circle ?
what is the name of the building ?
what is the name of the first boat on the right?`
what agency do the motorcycles belong too ?
what is the bus schedule number ?
where is the bus going ?
what are the letters at the bottom of the image ?
what letter is on the blue sign ?
which number is written on werth's jersey ?
what is the license plate number of the black car ?
what is the license plate number of the blue car ?
who does the tooth brush on the bottom left belong to ?
who does the tooth brush on the top left belong to ?
what day in march does the movie come out ?
what three words are on the bus' front sign ?
what number is on the front of the bus, above the headlights ?
who does this building belong to ?
what does the blue speach bubble say ?
what does it say after c & c ?
what brand of drums is being shown in the photo ?
in what country does the drum appear to be manufactured in ?
what football team is celebrating ?
how many bollards are in the picture ?
what is the name of the book ?
what is the top word on the girl's t-shirt ?
what interstate number is it ?
what is the name of this store ?
what company does this belong to ?
what does it say on the bottom left ?
how old is the child ?
what is written in red letters ?
what is the license plate number of the taxi ?
what word is on the side of the van ?
what color is the van ?
what is the word on the court ?
what does the truck say ?
what does the lisence plate read ?
what time is it ?
what percentage is listed on the sign in the background ?
what are the letters written on a red background behind the cat ?
what is the name of the road
when can you shop online ?
what is the number on the sign ?
what is the sign number ?
how many train windows can you see ?
what color is the sky in the picture ?
what are the black words on the side of the bus ?
which department is depicted on the sign ?
what is the word in the upper left corner ?
what is the company name on the picture ?
on what street is the aaa doors located ?
what is the warning on the box ?
what text is on the boat ?
what is this lane called ?
what should the car do at this intersection ?
what is the name of the book shop ?
what food business does this stand belong to ?
what is one dish available at this stand ?
what vegetarian option is available at this stand ?
what is written in large print on the bottom ?
what is the name of the city on the top left ?
what is the name of the city on the bottom left ?
what company is advertised on the airplane tails ?
what three letters are in white on the banner ?
what is the website listed at the bottom right ?
what airline is this? a: easyjet
what is the brand of the lense ?
what is the city on the sign ?
what portrait company is being advertised to the left ?
what number appears on the front of the bus ?
what does the street sign to the left say ?
what is the name of the shop ?
wat kind of dog is it ?
what type of vehicle is pictured ?
what is this object
what country is on the cars license plate ?
where is the car registered ?
what are the last 4 digits/letters of the license number ?
what does it say on top of the car ?
what number is the bus heading to reading station ?
what does the yellow neon sign say ?
what is the very last word at the bottom of the plaque ?
what do the letter's say behind the man
what is the first letter of the second word ?
what is the third word written on the bench ?
what is the last word written on the bench ?
what is the 8 digit number following the word "shop" ?
what 4 digit number is printed on the hair dryer ?
what is the bus number ?
who operates this bus ?
what will the lord jesus christ do ?
what is the number range given below the word luke ?
what does the triangular sign say ?
what colour is the tshirt
what number is written in the tshirt
what brand is the tissue paper ?
what is written on the paper inside the plastic name marker ?
how many bottles are in this picture ?
which sign is on the plane ?
choose a french word.
who was this cake made for ?
what is written on the white bus ?
who gets more ?
how much is the voucher ?
what store is advertised ?
what is the repeated word in the image ?
what brand of champagne is on the left ?
which photographer shot this photograph ?
what play number is the guy in red ?
what is the name of the building on the right ?
what word is written at the bottom ?
what activity is written on the building ?
what is advertised in bold orange letters ?
what does the black text underneath say ?
what name is watermarked three times on this image ?
what does the red and white sign say ?
what is the product code ?
what type of muffins does this mix make ?
how many muffins does the recipe yield ?
name an ingredient required to make the muffins ?
what does the white shirt say ?
what is written at the top of the coffee maker manual ?
what is the name of the cellphone company advertised on the roof of the dugout ?
what town in michigan is this ?
what 4-digit number appears on the bottom of the photo ?
what is the number of the photo ?
what is this dogs name ?
who took this photo ?
what is on the red sign ?
what city is the team ?
what is the name on the side of the top plane ?
what number does the closest player have ?
what is the destination of the bus pictured ?
what is the id written at the bottom right corner of the image ?
what is the letter sign between the two words on the blue wall sign ?
what is "wanted" in the image, according to the text on the truck ?
what is the company name written on the truck ?
what is the license plate for this bus ?
what store is in the center of the image
what is the name of this store ?
what is the name in purple on the side of the bus ?
what are the numbers above the right headlight on the bus ?
what does the octagonal red sign say ?
what street does this sign say ?
what brand of gum does this person have in their bag ?
what does the red sign say ?
what is the name of the cafe ?
what is the largest number in this image ?
what is the number under total ?
how many people are in the photo ?
how many water bottles do you see in this photo ?
what words are written in yellow text in this image ?
what is the brand name ?
what menu item is currently displayed on the tv ?
what website is displayed at the bottom ?
what are the letters on the top line of his shirt ?
what is the name of this building ?
what fruit is on the counter ?
what word has a hyphen ?
what word is on the bottom of the skateboard on the left ?
what word is on the skateboard on the right ?
what is the capital letter in white, to the left of the stoplight, on the building ?
what is the first question on the screen ?
what hashtag is used at the end ?
what is written on the black inner tube ?
what word is above the policeman ?
what is written in written in white ?
what company logo is the most left ?
what company logo is in the middle ?
what is written on the road ?
where is the bus going ?
what is the weight limit for this section of the road ?
what name is in white lettering, on the red stripe of the bus ?
what is the bus number ?
what word is on the front of the motorcycles ?
how old is rose turning ?
what number is on the train to the right ?
what number is on the train on the left ?
what direction does 19 go ?
which direction does 90 go ?
what type of car is this ?
what is written on first vehicle ?
what is written in insect above ?
what is the website on the bottom ?
what is the 4 digit number in the website address ?
what sport is the girl playing ?
what brand is her skirt ?
where does this bus drive to ?
what is written in the circle on the sign ?
what is the name of the street ?
what number is the road listed as ?
what does it say under the last windows of the plane ?
what is the planes id number ?
where was this photo taken ?
what is written on the sign ?
what company name is written is on the blue and white sign ?
what number is written on the white buffalo in the background ?
what player number is on the back of the person running in the foreground ?
what is this a picture of ?
what type of bus is this ?
what text is listed on the bus ?
what do the blue letters in the airplane say ?
what is written on the motorcycle ?
what is the number of the skier ?
what color is the traffic light ?
what is the camera brand ?
what letter is on the front of the boat ?
what does the street sign say ?
what does the flyer say underneath the sign ?
what does the blue street sign say ?
what does the white sign singal ?
what is the platform number ?
what is written on the side wall ?
what is written on the user guide ?
what does the green sign say ?
how many calories does the microwave meal have ?
how many grams of fat does the microwave meal have ?
how many grams of fiber does the microwave meal have ?
what is the number of the yellow train ?
what year is printed on the bottle in the image ?
what is the title of the movie ?
what is in the bottle of liquid ?
what type of animal is the tie for ?
what brand is the cat tie ?
what does the sign behind the man say ?
what is written on the blue t-shirt ?
what is the name of the restaurant seen here
what is the blue jays website ?
what are the letters on the door of the white car ?
what is the number on the jersey ?
what is the name on the jersey ?
what brand of doughnut is the girl eating ?
what is written on the bag ?
what meat does the stall sells ?
what is the store on the right ?
what is the name of the street ?
what type of product is packaged in this bag ?
what is the sign of refer in bus
what is the red sign directing you to do ?
what street is forwards ?
what is written on the horse riders back ?
what is the name of the park ?
what advertisement shown in that board ?
what is the number on the person on the right ?
what is the number of the skier in blue ?
what colour is the bus ?
what is the title title of this book ?
what street ?
what is written in white on a blue sign ?
what numbers are written after the street name ?
what is the biggest word on the closest person's shirt ?
what is the number of the train ?
what is the bus number ?
what word appears beneath the circle with the lines through it ?
what does the sign with the picture of a bus say ?
what is written on the woman's jersey ?
what is written on the side of the train ?
what letter is on the blue sign ?
what is written in white on the black side of the ride lawn mover ?
what is written at the top of the metal box ?
what number is displayed on the exit door ?
where is this photograph taken ?
what is the street name ?
what type of product is this likely to be according to the text ?
what is the name of the store behind these people ?
what is the number of the store behind these people ?
how long can one park ?
what does it say on the shoe ?
what words are written on the patch on the left arm of the uniform ?
what name is written on the white sign ?
what is the speed limit ?
what phrase is in white lettering, on the orange tail fin of the plane ?
what airline is this plane with ?
what is written on the bus ?
what is the price for 45 mins of parking time
what is the date on the picture ?
what brand is the camera ?
how many workers are in the kitchen ?
what is the name of the business
how many dogs are there ?
what color are the dogs ?
what is the name of the artist ?
what is written on the street sign ?
what is written on the blue train ?
what is the number written in black on a yellow background ?
what is written on the bottom of the mouse pad ?
what is displayed on the computer monitor screen ?
what bus station is this ?
how do you shorten the eleventh month of the year ?
what brand of cake mix is being used ?
what is the sign at the top of the wine case ?
what type of store is pictured here ?
what is the first word on the black t-shirt ?
what might you need to win your case in court ?
what are the two words that are written in english located on the post ?
what are the sneakers being advertised by the top middle shop ?
what drink is at the back ?
what is the name of the tavern in this photo
how many calories is the soup ?
what brand is the soup ?
what brand laptop is being used ?
what does the top line of the gold triangle say ?
what is the name of the store on the right edge of the photo ?
what are the words on the top of building ?
what is the company name on the store to the left ?
what is written on the dark green helmet ?
what number written in yellow on the jersey ?
what sport is being shown ?
what music genre is in the picture  ?
what movie is playing ?
what year did the company begin ?
what is the number on the player in blue ?
what's the name on the white tops ?
what's the name on the black tops ?
what are the two cross streets ?
what are the letters on the white snowboard ?
what airline does the airplane in the image fly for ?
what does the sign say ?
what is the airlines name ?
what does the white sign say to do ?
what is the brand on the cap ?
what is written under stewart's ?
what play on the marquee ?
who is in the world's end ?
what word is on the door of the truck ?
what is written on the liscence plate of the truck
what is written on the plane ?
what name is on the blue sign ?
what is written on the back of the mans jacket ?
what is the name of the blue colored store ?
what does the sign in dark red say ?
what is the speed limit ?
how many dollars are mention in this picture ?
what is the brand of the scissor ?
what does the paper under its handle read ?
what does it say on the car ?
what is the brand of the drink ?
what is the brand of this drink ?
what is the company name on the side of the bus ?
what is the airlines name ?
what number is on the flag pole ?
what number is on the flag ?
what does it say in the blue squares on the yellow add that is on the bus ?
what does the blue sticker on the bus window say ?
what numbers in the year are not over the hat in the photo ?
what type of agency is this ?
what brand is this item ?
what kind of item is this, according to the package ?
what kind of pockets does this item have ?
what is the make / brand o the red vehicle ?
what does the clock say ?
what is the number listed on the top right of the bus ?
how many people are inside the store ?
how high is the jackpot ?
which movie is the subject of the jackpot ?
is the piano open or closed ?
what is the name on the train ?
what is the platform number the man is standing under ?
how many ways can you drive down this street ?
how many white cars ?
what is the red cars license plate say ?
what is written on the box
what does the graffiti on the stop sign say ?
what is written on the wings of the plane ?
what is prohibited ?
what is north ?
what is the brand of cologne ?
which direction is the exit ?
what is the author's name ?
what is the brand of the cassette ?
what is the brand of this mini-cassette ?
what does the red sign read ?
what is the first word written on the boat ?
what video game system is the man playing ?
what is the address on the truck ?
what is the word on the top of the grey shirt
what railway is depicted here ?
what website is listed behind this player ?
what website can you find more vitatops available at ?
what is the name of the store shown to the right of the picture ?
what mode of transportation is the women using ?
this illness kills many people.
what company is labeled on the tail of the plane ?
what is the beverage name ?
how long does it take to cook this meal ?
what type of vehicle is this ?
what kind of vehicle is this ?
what company owns this vehicle ?
how many people are on the motorcycle ?
what are both of the people on the motorcycle wearing on their heads ?
what color is the van in front of the bus ?
what message does the banner at the front of the rally convey ?
which types of energy sources does the lady in orange support ?
which energy sources are being protested against by this rally ?
name of computer company ?
what is the sport that is taking place ?
what number does the fax number end with ?
what letter do both words on the wall begin with ?
what company name is on the food menu ?
what food is listed on the menu ?
what type of building is in the picture ?
who is the building named after ?
who is the "real axis of evil" ?
what is written inside the white arrow ?
what is the number of the street in the picture ?
what is the name of the street that is not a number ?
what text is found in the red portion of the newspaper ?
what is the name of the airline displayed on the plane ?
what game is being played in the photo ?
what type of beer is on the table ?
where is the hockey team on the person's shirt based ?
what is the name of the hockey team on the shirt ?
what is written on the signal
what is the company on the side of the yellow trailer ?
what is the brand of the skate board ?
what flavor is the ketchup ?
what name is written in the top right ?
what is the brand name of this flight ?
what number is on the truck ?
what is the license plate blue green beetle car ?
wgat is the license plate of the white beetle car ?
what kind of car is this ?
what times are written on the sign ?
how much is the baked choco doughnut ?
how much is the baked green tea doughnut ?
what is the name of the airline on the side of the plane ?
what is written on the fridge ?
what is written on the pillow ?
what is the street name ?
what is the name of the street ?
what word is written on the side of the blue truck
what is written on the sign ?
what is this stove's brand name ?
what is written on the red arrow sign ?
what is the word under the arrow ?
what is written there
name a street on the sign ?
name a street on the sign ?
what is the first word in the caption
what color of shirt is the man wearing
what is the number on the taxi
what is the brand of car behind the taxi
what date shown in the picture ?
which baseball team is playing ?
which number does berkman for the cardinals play ?
who play number 28 for the cardinals ?
what does the top sign say ?
what number is the horse rider ?
what is the word at the top of the white sign on the left side of the image ?
what is the last word on the white sign on the left side of the image ?
what should i do after i stop ?
what does the net say ?
what state is the jug from ?
what three digit number is in the address ?
what does the sign instruct you not to feed
what is the bottom street name
what date was this photo taken ?
what's the number on the sign ?
which state name is on the sign ?
what are the player numbers displayed in this photo ?
what color are the leaves on the trees ?
what are some of the people pushing ?
what is the brand name written in red lettering ?
what is displayed on the sign ?
what is the name of the beer in the middle ?
what is the rate of this first sweet ?
what word comes directly before the word terminal on this sign ?
what number do you see ?
what kind of snowboard is the person riding ?
what company produced the cheese ?
what is the name of the street ?
what is the name of the shop with gold lettering ?
which brand is depicted ?
what is the first letter on the keyboard ?
what is the license plate on the first motorcycle ?
when does this festival take place ?
what brand is this advertisement for ?
what is the brand listed on the top ?
what is in the tub to the bottom left ?
what is written in front of the bike ?
what is animal in the picture
what is the  color of dog
what is the date in the image
what is the last name of this pitcher ?
what is written on the bus's license plate ?
what is the brand of soda ?
what brand is the main sponsor for this event ?
what type of building is this ?
what is the first word on the photo tag ?
what is the number  plate on the bus
where the bus is going
what is this train's number ?
what are the four letters on the front of the train ?
what is on the big red sign ?
which letter is to the left of w ?
which number key also has the ! symbol ?
which number key also has the @ symbol ?
what are the numbers on the front of the train ?
what is the number in the triangle about the train ?
what is the time listed on the phone ?
what is the name on the chopper ?
what brand makes the personal care product pictured ?
what is the brand of the bike ?
what do the letters on the bike spell ?
what is the name of the company that has the space for lease ?
what is the phone number for peter braus ?
what is the name above the number 212-776-1289 ?
what color is the meter ?
how many words are there on the white sign attached to the black fence ?
what letter is on the tennis racket ?
how fast was the last serve speed ?
what is the website displayed on the fencing ?
what is the name fo the store ?
how much of the sign on the story can you see ?
what is the name of the camera on the left side ?
what letters and numbers come after canon lens ?
what are the letters on the bottom right of the camera ?
what website is listed on the plane ?
who took the photograph ?
what is the brand name of this bottle soda ?
what airline is this plane ?
what is the third word on the bottom of the picture ?
how many can you get for $12 ?
what does one of the signs on the bench say ?
what is the name on the side of the train ?
what country is this scenery located  ?
what brand is this drill ?
what is written on the top left ?
what is written on the top right ?
what is the name of the building ?
what four letters are underneath the letter a ?
what letter is at the top of the picture ?
what are the last three letters on the sign ?
which brand of soda is represented in the image ?
what is the name of this station ?
what is the blue text on the white sign ?
what is david duke running for ?
what is located here ?
what is written on the airplane ?
who took this photograph ?
what is the email address indicated ?
what number is on the purple shirt of the man catching the frisbee ?
what flavor of rice is this ?
who is the singer of this song ?
what number is this song in the phone ?
how many songs are stored in this phone ?
what word is at the top of the gray half circle ?
what is the word at the top center of the gray bar ?
what words are printed on the red octagonal sign ?
what car company is an official sponsor ?
what word is written in grey letters ?
what letter is in the blue circle ?
what company name is written at the top left corner ?
what is the destination of the red bus in the centre of the image ?
what is the number of the red bus in the centre of the image ?
what year was this picture taken ?
what is the number of the fire truck ?
where is the fire department truck from ?
what is the pink lettering on the snowboard ?
what team name is on the man's sweatshirt ?
what is the bottom word on the 70% off sign ?
how many people in black suit ?
what does the red lettering on the truck say ?
what is the number shown on the door of the truck ?
which photography studio owns the photo copyright ?
which class does the compartment belong ?
what is the name of the store ?
what is the name of the object on the table ?
what is written at the bottom of the image ?
what numbers are on the sign ?
was the hydrant made in 2006 ?
what is the title of the novel ?
what is listed on the red bubble in the parking meter ?
what word is on the chimney ?
what words are on the building ?
what is the team name displayed on the poster ?
what product is being sold to the customer ?
what is the name of the airline ?
what country is named on the side of the airplane ?
what time is shown on the phone ?
what is the description on this bag of chips ?
what is the advertisement on the bus for ?
what name is on the cover of the open book ?
what street sign is around the man's neck ?
what is the graffiti on the wall ?
what year is displayed on the purple bottle cap ?
who is the manufacturer listed on the purple bottle cap ?
what does the red sign on the side of the tracks say ?
what type of soup is on the table ?
what english word is complete ?
what is the license plate number
where is the crew sticker located on the wall ?
what are the words under the stop sign ?
what is written on the green backboard ?
how many planes are there ?
what brand is the tv ?
what is engine number ?
what is the name of the cellar door on the sign ?
what is the name of the book
who is the author
what ad is in the left outfield ?
what banner ad is center outfield
what name is on the van at the top ?
what is the orange tag at the bottom ?
does the 175 represent the license plate ?
can this micromatic umbrella work in heavy rain ?
what number is written on the coin ?
how many mm is written on the left side of image ?
what website name is written on this image ?
which social media website is advertised on the truck ?
what is the name of the facebook account ?
which car company is on the front of the truck ?
what kind of dog is this ?
what is the name of the restaurant shown to the right of the road ?
what is the left lane used for ?
what is the street name ?
what is the blue bus number ?
what is the name of the blue bus ?
what kind of camera took this picture ?
what word is centered in the middle of the picture ?
what color is the truck ?
what is the code on the right boat ?
what is the name of the right boat ?
what is the name of the store ?
what number is on the player's shirt ?
what is written in white ?
what company name is listed on the image ?
what is written on the image ?
what is the license plate of the motorbike ?
who owns the image property ?
what time is this photo taken ?
what does the red sign say ?
what is the brand of this product ?
what is written in red on the book ?
what number is the red toilet ?
what word is on the above, smaller part of the sign ?
what word is on the below, larger part of the sign ?
what airline is represented on the plane ?
what is the word on the bottom of the snowboard ?
what is written on the blue sign ?
first letter of alphabet
the number after 13
antonym of old
what brand is the man's sweatshirt ?
what is the image depict ?
what does the first red sign say ?
what word is on the building in the background ?
where is the bus heading ?
what does the licence plate say ?
what is the street number on the building ?
what kind of building is this ?
what is the year in the watermark ?
what is the name on the baseball players jersey ?
what does the sign say ?
how many latex nipples are in the pack ?
what are the nipples made of ?
what is the brand of the latex nipples ?
what is in this packet ?
what is the interstate ?
what is the name on the orange vehicle ?
what is first word in the name of the store
what is the second word in the name of the store
what is the third in the name of the store
which company made the helmet ?
who is the team name on the jersey ?
which countries name is written in the smaller sized gold letters ?
what is written on the blue street sign ?
what number is shown in red on the light ?
what does it say on the blade of the chainsaw ?
what is the number on the side of the bus ?
what is the brand of the soccer ball ?
what company's advertisement do you see on the red train ?
what color is the background ?
what is written on the road sign ?
what does the sign say ?
what is the full street name ?
what does the sign with 8 sides say ?
what is written on the traffic sign ?
what is the word after 'net' ?
what letters can you see on the toothpaste ?
what does the sign say that begins with an a ?
what does the sign say that begins with an l ?
how long is the time limit ?
how many hours is the limit ?
what is the larger word listed in white on the red shape ?
what is the sign of board reference ?
what is the number on the trash can ?
what is written beneath the number on the trashcan ?
what sport is on her t-shirt ?
what is the last letter of the word on her shirt ?
what is the first letter on her shirt ?
what science building is this ?
what do they sell ?
what is the number on the snowboarders shirt ?
what does the sign say ?
to what business does the white van in the background belong ?
what company owns the van ?
what is written on the wall ?
when was this picture taken ?
what is the name of the store ?
what does the sign say
what building are the people in front of
what is the brand of the motorcycle ?
what number is on the speed sign ?
who is getting special pricing ?
what number is the man in black wearing ?
what number is the man in red wearing ?
what does the road sign tell you to do ?
what does the sign say ?
what is written on the guys shirt ?
what is written on t-shirt  in first person
what is written in back side on the  second person  t-shirt
what is written on th  third person t-shirt
what is the text on the bottom right of the image ?
what roman numeral is on the top ?
what color is this clock
what is the identifying number on the side of the train compartment ?
what is the number on the train ?
what is written on the sign ?
what is a bus service named after a car
what is the first letter on the wall behind the player ?
who submitted this photo ?
what is written on the red board
what kind of seating is this ?
what is the name of the player in the white baseball uniform ?
what number is on the back of davis's uniform ?
where was the 1980 olympic bobsled held
what does it say on the tub in the bottom right corner ?
what country name written in white on the bottle ?
what department is the counter a part of ?
what does the green sign say ?
what name written in below animal picture in the green cover board ?
what year is on this picture ?
what street is mentioned on the guy's shirt ?
what is the brand of this watch ?
what brand is the watch
what time is displayed on the watch
what is the number on the yellow door ?
what is the number on the boat ?
what word is on the teddy bear ?
what is 1 serving size ?
how many servings per container ?
what are the ingredients in the can ?
what color is the pencil box with stars ?
what color is the smallest pencil box ?
what color is the pencil box with flowers ?
what is written at signal board ?
what number is on the pole ?
what is the title of this book ?
who is the author of this book ?
what is written about the dress ?
who is the author ?
who is batting ?
what name is on the players shirt ?
what word comes before seafood on the white banner ?
what initials are on the shield ?
what do the initials lk stand for ?
what year was the photo taken ?
what is the first word on the bag og salad ?
what are the lest five letters of the url, before .com ?
what is the last word ?
what is the last word in the second line ?
what 3 complete words are on the third line ?
what is the price of the green ?
what are the initals on the suitcase ?
what is the slogan on the pizza box ?
what is the lable on the blue plastic bottle ?
what is the name of the place the top street sign is pointing to ?
what number is on the green bus ?
what is the license place number ?
what color is written on the banana box ?
what is the number on the skier's jersey ?
what does this shop sell ?
how much is something at this shop ?
what computer corporation is this ?
what do you select for previous menu ?
what do you select to write screen to logfile ?
what is the number on the jersey ?
what is the team name on the jersey ?
what is the number display on the bike
what red word is written on the ramp ?
what number is written on the bus ?
what is written in big white letters on the bus ?
what is written on the upper part of the bus ?
what is the headline text of the billboard in this image? include punctuation.
what logo is in the middle of the letter s ?
what city is this baseball team ?
what is this base ball team ?
what is the zone name
what is the street name
what number is above the sign ?
what is written in the picture
when was the foto taken
which company is depicted on the flags ?
who wears jersey number 4 ?
what number jersey does clark wear ?
who wears jersey number 35 ?
what does the green signal say ?
what does the white signal say ?
what is the name of this building ?
what is being advertised inside the store on red signs ?
what is this switch for ?
what is the name of the lowest book ?
what is the opposite to down ?
what store front is named in this photograph ?
what is the second book name ?
what is last book name ?
how many buildings are in this picture ?
how many birds are in this picture ?
what dvd is in the computer ?
what is the top arrow pointing to ?
what is the name of the left store
what number is written inside the left store
what is the name of the right store
what is the number to get nutritional information ?
which flavor is crush ?
what appliance is the person using ?
where is the boy skating ?
what is the name of the skate park ?
what is written on the wall ?
what team is playing ?
what does the url say ?
what is the name of the store on the left ?
what does the black and white sign on the right read ?
what is the name of the website in the lower left corner of the image ?
what does it say on the plane ?
what does the top sign say ?
what does the bottom sign say ?
what 3 letters come after pte ?
what is the number in the upper left corner ?
what food is served here ?
what is the tagline for the business ?
what does the sign read  ?
what is the name of the team ?
what is written on the banner on the fence ?
what number is on the front of the red bus ?
what does the sign on the gray building have written on it ?
what does the octagonal red sign say ?
what is the number in the top left corner of the picture ?
what is the brand at the bottom right of the picture ?
what character is on the cap ?
what does the orange part of the flag say ?
what is written in blue on the white flag ?
what is the website in this image ?
what does the red sign say ?
what does the label at the right of this man say ?
what is written on the orange bench ?
what word is inside the white circle ?
what words are written on the surfboard ?
what street is the surfboard on ?
who is resposible for this photo ?
what company does this building belong to ?
who is the photography company ?
what word can be found above the red heart ?
what is the brand of the bike helmet ?
what is the company brand of the wine ?
what is the name of the store to the right of the image ?
which route is this bus for ?
what number is the red bus ?
what is the word written on the surfboard ?
what does the bottle cap text say ?
what city name is inbetween the ad banners ?
what type of stop is this ?
what is the number and letter combo in red on the bus stop sign ?
who is the person on the black sign ?
where is the flex academy ?
what company is advertised on the sign with the musicians ?
what is the name of the blue store ?
what does the blue store sell ?
what is the number on the sign ?
where is the location the sign is pointing to ?
what does the black flag have printed on it ?
what is the telephone number on the window ?
what is the number of the route that these cars are on ?
what brand are the shirts the two boys in the middle are wearing ?
what brand is the teal pen located third from the left ?
what brand is the maroon pen located second from the left ?
what brand of ball is shown ?
how long does it take to cook this in the microwave ?
what color is the helmet of the guy with the white shirt ?
what number is written on the black shirt ?
which arm is raising the guy with the black hat ?
how many glasses of water should you drink in a day ?
what is the license plate number on the bus
what is the name on the bottom right of the front facing of the building ?
to whom is this photograph credited ?
what is the name of the photographer ?
what words are on the blue sign ?
what city in written on the blue sign ?
what is write on the cover ?
what is this book called ?
what is the year on the man's shirt ?
which player is at bat ?
what are the 3 letters in red ?
what is written on the road ?
which shop is on the building ?
what word is in the red star on the flag behind the sliding board man ?
what brand of appliance is this ?
what year was this picture taken ?
how much are the cinnamon rolls ?
what is written in red on the top shelf ?
what word is printed on the gray container ?
what website is listed on this photo ?
what words are printed in the lower left corner ?
what type of motorcycle is in the container ?
what is the name os ship
what word is written on the building ?
who is the photographer ?
what website is this photo from ?
what does his shirt say ?
what color is his glove ?
what is the full url watermarked in the top left corner of this photo ?
what website does the url direct you to ?
what soda brand name is written on the crate ?
what airline is displayed on the plane ?
what sport does this team play ?
what is the year shown in the lower right hand corner ?
what is the full name listed after the year ?
what year was this image copyrighted ?
what is the first word on the top sign on the right ?
what 3 letters are on the front of the train ?
what is the license of the bus ?
who owns copywrite ?
who has the copyright for this photo ?
what does wellington build ?
who is advertised on the purple sign ?
what letter comes before the heart on the top right store sign ?
what is the first word on the store sign at the back of the image ?
what are the two words surrounding the ford sign ?
what name is written across the top of the bus ?
what is the company name on the truck on the right ?
what kind of road are they traveling on ?
what road is to the left ?
what is the three word logo on the wall of the dugout ?
what is the url directly in front of/beneath the second man from the left seated in the front row ?
what do the words say in the bottom right corner ?
what is the word displayed vertically on the side of the building ?
what's the number in the white box on the back of the bus ?
what do the signs say ?
what is the name of the airline ?
what is the name of this photograph ?
what is the very last letter of the last word listed in white ?
what does the yellow sign say in english ?
which american cartoon and movie franchise is named in the image on wood ?
what year was the photo taken ?
what year statement is this ?
what tel. number do you see in the picture ?
what type of vehicle has right of way ?
what boulevard is listed on the sign ?
what is the woman riding ?
what type of beer is on the can ?
what letters are to the left of the white and blue bag ?
what letter is between o and d on the furthest left sign ?
what letters are between l and n on the furthest left sign ?
how many mailes is gunning ?
what is the first word of the website tag ?
how many people riding the bicycle
what language is spoken here ?
what does the sign in the center say ?
what is the brand of the phone ?
how far away is schoorl ?
what far away is groet ?
what is the message on the bear ?
what 4-digit number appears on the closest train ?
what flavor of cocacola is printed on the bus ?
what does the red, octagonal sign say ?
what airline does this plane belong to ?
what number is displayed on the red bus ?
who owns the copyright for this picture ?
what is written at the bottom-left of the picture ?
what street name appears on the green signs ?
what type of pineapple was used in this mixture ?
what is the log on the mouse ?
what is the motorcycle for ?
what color is the keyboard ?
how many boxes are there in the picture ?
how many sticky notes are on the computer monitor ?
what company's name is on this building ?
when did the coffee shop start making food
what is printed on the bottom right ?
what is the phrase written on the glass on the building fartherest to the left
what number is on the yellow sign ?
what year is this photo taken ?
when was this photo taken ?
q: what is the website on the planes? a: www.nokair.com
q: what is the number of the boarding tube? a: 35
q: what is the number on the closest plane to you? a: 1318
what is the patient holding ?
what is the brand of the water bottle with the yellow cap ?
what is the brand of the shortest water bottle ?
what kind of terrier is this dog ?
what is ryan's last name ?
which family is named on the green sign ?
what is on the blue wall to the left watch ?
what is the name of the motel ?
what type of shop is in the motel ?
what is the name on the street sign ?
what is the name of the store ?
what name is written below avenida ral ?
what is the name of the pharmacy ?
what service do they offer ?
what is the name of the company behind the accident ?
what is the jersey number of the man holding the bat ?
what words are on the camera's lens cover ?
what animal is the tour named after ?
what is the sponsor of the red team ?
what is the brand name ?
what flavor are the cigarettes ?
what two words are on the book with the large face on it ?
when can you not park ?
what company makes this bottle of spices ?
how many oz of product come in this jar ?
what is the word that has white lettering, at the top ?
what does it say on the seat of this motorbike ?
what edition of the book is this ?
what is printed above the picture of the yellow rose ?
what is the word in red on the sign ?
what is the first word in yellow in the middle of the picture ?
what is written on the license plate of the truck ?
what is the name of the shop ?
how many lemon slices are on the plate of the lobster ?
what is the street name above the man ?
what is the name of the brewing company
what state is kona brewing company located ?
what is the airplane brand ?
what does the sign say at the top ?
which platform is to the right ?
what is the licence plate of the pickup ?
what is the saying next to the daisys.
what is the blue bus number? a: 50
what is the red name on the front of the bus ?
what number can you read on the microwave's screen ?
what is the number on the sign ?
where does this train service ?
what brand of vehicle is the princess sitting upon ?
what store does the sign belong to ?
what type of truck is it
what is the restaurant's name ?
what is the restaurant's number ?
what traffic sign is showing ?
what is the written on the plane ?
what is the blue letter and number on the left wall ?
what color is the spider ?
what word is written on the red sign ?
what website is the photo from ?
what is the date of the photo ?
what is the word written in blue on the red t-shirt word by the person in the pink baseball cap ?
what is the name of the ave ?
what is written on the umbrella ?
what is the brand of battery ?
what is written in flex ?
what is the first word on the orange shirt ?
what brand beer is advertised on the wall ?
what type of antique & classis show is it ?
what is this player's jersey number ?
what is he playing ?
what brand is on the bears shirts ?
what word is at the top of this balloon ?
what is the brand of the motorcycle ?
what is the number on the side of the train ?
what is the number and letter top right of the sign ?
what is the word to the left of the blue airplane ?
what is the number between "vertrek" and "intercitry"
what three numbers come after doa ?
what is the  number on the bus ?
what website is written on thhis picture ?
what does the green sign say ?
what brand is the blue trash can ?
what 3 letters are visible on the stop sign in this image ?
what is the address of the studios ?
what word is on this shirt ?
what should you not drink ?
what cigarette company is advertised ?
how much water do i need ?
how long should i cook the pasta ?
what is the number on the side of the train ?
who is batting ?
what route is this ?
what word is on the top of this sign in red ?
what is name ofthe red box
what is written in yellow
what type of heat
what is the word on the side of the mug ?
what is the website address displayed ?
what is printed on the red jersey ?
what does the display read ?
what meat is in the container ?
what is the name written on the top left corner ?
what is the name of the photography company ?
what product is advertised on the white bus ?
what is the name of on the street sign ?
what is below the name on the street sign ?
what is the set of three letters and/or numbers at the top of the red circle ?
what is the word at the top left of the sign ?
what is the high school name ?
what is written in the led board ?
what is this bus's number ?
what is the brand for the girl's vest ?
what are the names on the cake ?
what is the letter on the baseball players hat ?
the arrow is telling you to what ?
what word is on red ?
what does the remote say ?
who is the advertiser shown on the billboard ?
what is the code written on the plane ?
what is the amount of the sale styles
what are the two words below 10$
what is the word on the sign with the black background ?
what is the sign of board reference ?
what is the name of the lake ?
what level is the rink ?
what is the penguin advertising ?
what is the name of the tour ?
what is the name of the bank
what is country name written on the aircraft ?
what kind of dancer ?
what number is on the faded sign ?
what word is directly above the word, "north" ?
what word is directly below the word, "to" ?
what is the name of the photography company ?
letters on grill ?
what is the platform number ?
what 3 letters are on the train ?
what letter is shown on the blue signs ?
what are the words above the five leaves ?
what kind of sign is he holding ?
what year anniversary does this wine celebrate ?
what unit is the meter measuring ?
what is that
what is written on it
what letters are at the front of the plane ?
what does the green sign say ?
what does the sign with an arrow say ?
what is the brand name of the bottle ?
what is the name of the train
what is the number present in the train
what is the bus number ?
which food is in the box ?
how many cans are on the counter ?
what is the name of the convenience store ?
what other animal is there besides the cows(and humans) ?
what item is this individual riding ?
the blue sign on the left shows how many items ?
what color is the cat ?
what is the number on the skier in the frount
what does the advertisement say behind the woman's head ?
what is that company's name ?
what building is that ?
what is that city name on the billboard ?
what does the text say on the boat ?
what is the sponsor on the shirt ?
what does the sign with the left arrow say ?
what is the word under great ?
what is the name of the bank in the background ?
what number is in red
what block os reseda bl is the sign indicating ?
what is the number of the luggage carousel ?
what flavor is the granola bar ?
what is the number of the conveyor belt ?
where does the yellow sign lead ?
what is the first letter of the name on the towel ?
what letter is the cat sitting on ?
what is the last letter of the name on the towel ?
what is the name of the store in the picture ?
what does it say on the bus ?
what is write on the bag ?
what is the website name at the top of the image ?
what is the text on the watermark ?
what is written on the case of the object ?
what is written on the front of the surf board in red ?
what is the name of street mentioned in the board
what does tide make ?
what company is advertised on the far right ?
what is the second word of text on the brown card ?
for what occasion is the cake for ?
where is the universal studios located ?
how many vases are visible ?
what does the yellow sign read ?
what english word appears to the right of a green rectangle on a store front ?
what word appears in big red letters on the second level of a building ?
what word appears in black lettering against an orange background, on a building front ?
what tire company is written on the red stripe ?
what box is checked in the imaged ?
what is the date ?
what does the first tab on the bottom say ?
what is the brand on the green bottle at the front ?
what brands is on the red and yellow striped boxes at the back ?
what is the brand of the 2 tall bottles at the back ?
what words appear on the blue shirt ?
what kind of juice is in the bottle ?
what is written on the plate
what is the price of the plantains ?
what type of kiwi is it ?
what type of papaya is it ?
where are they playing ?
who is the sponsor ?
what large letters are on the green shirt
what is the big red word on the airplane ?
what is written beneath the chair ?
what is the name of who they are celebrating ?
what class year is this person apart of ?
what words are in white lettering on the outside of the mug ?
what phrase is in gold lettering on the side of the mug ?
how many varieties of heinz are there ?
what is the name of the entry to the underground ?
what is the name of the brand written in white ?
what is the second brand name written in bold and all lower case letter ?
what is the name of the food in the picture ?
what type of vegetable is being presented ?
what size is this bag of broccoli ?
what is the first word on the plane ?
what is the second word on the plane ?
what is the date at the bottom of the picture ?
what word is on his jjersey ?
what number is on his jersey ?
what is the drink present in the table ?
from which place is this bag ?
what roman numeral represents 12 on the clock ?
what is the man holding on the pole ?
what is baking made ?
what is the brand of the milk ?
what is written on the fridge
what is present in the white box
what store are the shopping bags from ?
what is the bus license plate ?
what color is the bus on the left ?
what label is this ?
who was the photographer ?
what year is this bottle from ?
what is written backwards on the glass ?
what brand of shoes ?
what is the name of the building ?
what is the name on the bus ?
how many busses are there ?
how many cars are there ?
what company's name is on the building in the background ?
whose center ?
what does the sign say on the green posts ?
what is the first name written on the side of the truck ?
what is the brand you are looking for ?
what is the carrier for this phone ?
what is the full name of the building ?
what are you being asked to stop ?
what is the speed limit for this street ?
what is the license plate of the police car ?
what is the suggested speed limit for the road ?
what type of vehicle is this ?
what number appears on the front of the bus ?
what city name appears below the image ?
what is the photo tag ?
what are the three larger numbers on the vehicle shown ?
name on the plane
how many kilometers to get to tom price  ?
what bank is advertised in the background
what car manufacterer is advertised in the background
what is the speed limit in the picture ?
which english letter is written in the white water traffic sign ?
what is the name of the boat ?
what text is written on the window of the boat ?
what is the name of the store ?
what is written there
what is the colour of it
what color is the bucket on the shelf ?
what color are the lights in the background ?
what are the three underlined letters on the wall ?
what three letters come after the star on the wall ?
what is the word under "us open" on the wall ?
what is the name of the natural mountain water
what website is written on this picture
what number is written at the bottom-right of the picture ?
what is the name of the street on the top sign ?
what is the name of the street on the bottom sign ?
what is the name of the restaurant on the right
what is the brand on the football ?
what is written on the scissors ?
what is the name of the team on the jersey ?
what words are displayed on the sign in the upper right of the image ?
what is inside the box ?
what food is written in the picture on the bottom row ?
what is the license plate of the car ?
how many items were sold on the receipt ?
what is the bus number ?
what is the bus' task ?
what is the number on the front of the bus ?
what is the name of the boat ?
how many buses are in the picture ?
what word on the building follows de ?
what word on the building begins with r ?
what two letters come after .com ?
what word is displayed on the red octagonal sign on the door ?
what shouldnt you block ?
which team is the battern on ?
what bank is on the red banner ?
what is the sponsor written on the blue fender ?
what tire brand is the car using ?
what are the colour of the street signs ?
what type of porn is the headline ?
which country is in the left headline ?
where is the bus destined ?
what is the bus license ?
what is written on the orange bus ?
what is the first word on the sing ?
what city is on the bus ?
what is the train number ?
what four numbers are on the license plate ?
what kind of sale are they having ?
what number is written on the smaller sign ?
what band is the boy a fan of ?
what is coldplay according to the poster ?
what is the name of the protein supplement on top of the fridge ?
what is the license plate on the middle bus ?
what should you do after you keep calm ?
what's written on the floor on the green side ?
what number is on the boys shirt ?
what number is written on the grey plane ?
what company logo is this ?
what stop is the train at ?
what does the text say ?
what is the name on the front of the bus ?
what does the red sign says  ?
what does the orange road sign in the foreground of the picture say ?
what does the text on the blue and yellow banner say ?
what is written in the red board
what is the brand listed on the white box to the left of the woman ?
what city do the letters spell ?
what is the brand listed on the crock pot ?
what word is directly above enchant ?
what language does the sign at the top say to learn ?
what does the text on the door read ?
how many words are on the sign the boy is holding ?
what color are the boys pants ?
what word is printed on the bat ?
what is the airline of the plane ?
what is the first word on the white sign hanging from the ceiling ?
what is the copyright year ?
what happens if someone trys to get inside ?
what is the name of the brand advertised ?
which is the library ?
what website is listed on the blue board behind the players ?
whose name is in the window ?
what is written on the top snowboard ?
what does the sign say ?
who is the photographer of the image ?
what word is written on the side of the van ?
what number is written on the sign behind the van ?
what street is on the left sign
what street is on the right sign
what word is on the wall ?
what is this bus number ?
what type of pen is this ?
what brand makes this pen ?
who is batting ?
what word is under the stars ?
what is the location of this photo ?
what is the name of the park ?
what year is featured on the scoreboard ?
what word is on the top line in the scoreboard ?
what is the number on the front of the bus ?
what does it say on the blue shirt ?
what phone number is written on the white sign ?
what is written on the theater sign ?
what is the mans name written on the jacket ?
what color is the mans jacket ?
what color is the mans t-shirt ?
what is the bullet train number ?
what word is on the screen ?
what word is on the bottom of the clock ?
what is the street name ?
what is the mobile telephone number listed ?
where are cowan's maple buds made ?
how many miles to cancun ?
how many miles to playa del carmen ?
which team are the visitors playing against ?
what is this mini market's name ?
write the number shown in the upper right corner ?
what is the logo that is displayed on the box to the left of the man ?
what does the red shirt say ?
which car rental company is being advertised ?
what does the third ad say on it in multicolored letters ?
what restaurant is being advertised in the fourth ad ?
what letters are on the front of the train ?
what is the name of the street on the sign ?
what is written on the train engine ?
what is the train number ?
what is the date the photo was taken ?
what goes in the top of the green box ?
what is written on the team's jersey ?
what sport does the team play ?
what is the name of the photographer that took this photo ?
what letters are displayed on the red train ?
what word stands out the most on the window ?
what are the first three letters of the word in the color green ?
what is the first name of the photographer ?
what is the last name of the guy up to bat ?
what is the number on the jersey for the batter ?
what are the last four yellow numbers in the bottom right ?
what does the wings say on the plane ?
what is the street name ?
what is the phone number of the veterinary clinic ?
what is written in the red sign on the left ?
what is written in the red sign on the right ?
what name is the on the bottom of the photo
what character is this ?
what does the ad banner on the black wall say ?
what is the number
what is the biggest letter
what name is on the top left ?
what is written on the center of the white board
what colour is shirt
what number is written on the near the window
what is the numeral on the engine ?
what word is in the top left of her paper ?
what is the licence plate number on the bus ?
what is the number on the white sign in front of the driver ?
what number is the bus ?
what is the name of the fast food company pictured above the red light ?
what is the name of the store ?
what is the airline name that appears on the side of the airplane ?
what words appear on the front of the hangar ?
what does it say in blue letters ?
what is the arrow pointing at ?
on what street can the centre of the universe be found ?
what letters are on the yellow metal written in black ?
what number is the train on the left ?
what number is the train on the right ?
what is wrote on the blue sign ?
what does the street sign beneath the stop sign read ?
what is the number after the word "township?"
what is the word after "vineyards &?"
what is the name of the company in the top left corner ?
what is the number of the yellow bus ?
what is the bus number shown on the rear panel ?
what is the name of the truck ?
what is in the bottle on the left ?
who took the photograph ?
what is the number on the ambulance ?
what is the red sign directing you to do ?
what is the name of the shop ?
they are celebrating how many years of teddy bears ?
what is the net weight of the package of canadian bacon ?
how many slices of canadian bacon are there in the package ?
what is the brand of the canadian bacon ?
what does it say on the screen in the background ?
what sign is the snowboarder above ?
what is the first name in the garden sign
what is the trailers license plate number ?
what color is the trailer ?
how many grams is the weight of the towel set ?
what is the "art.no." listed ?
what type of rooms do they offer
where does the white sign point to ?
how many miles is it to kingstown ?
what is the number written in yellow portion of image ?
what is the name in the photo to the right of the image ?
what two cities are displayed on the highway sign ?
what is the name of the dish ?
what kind of meat is in the dish ?
what is the last name of this person ?
what is the first name of this person ?
what percent off is the sale ?
what size is this bottle ?
what fragrance is this lotion ?
what five letter word is written upside down ?
what is the number on the front of this train ?
what's written on the bike ?
what is the percentage off ?
what is the number of the train ?
what is the licence plate number of the green vehicle ?
what is the licence plate number of the red and white vehicle ?
what is the street name ?
who is the photographer ?
what website is this photo from ?
what word is written on the tag farthest to the left ?
what is the character's name on the front of the player ?
what is the first name of the person listed on the picture ?
what is the slogan for the ice cream sundaes ?
what is the word written in yellow on the box on the left ?
what is the name of the product advertising on the net ?
what is the name of the company advertising on the back wall ?
how many minutes away from this sign is coburg rd ?
how many miles away from this sign is oakway shopping ctr ?
what is the name of the bus written in red ?
what is the name of the store pictured ?
what is the website on the blue wall ?
what is the street name ?
what is the name on the front most red sign ?
what does the writer want ?
what is the name of the shopping center ?
what is the street with no numbers on the sign ?
which street sign is under broadway ?
what does the cake say ?
what is the name of the report ?
what is the letter and number on the sail of the boat on the bottom right ?
what is written in the center of the tire ?
what is the name on the boat ?
what is the bank name written in the bottom left ?
what is the number written on the taxi's white sign ?
what is the man in the picture pushing ?
what color is the childs shirt ?
what does the red sign say ?
who is the photographer ?
what is brand of the batteries in the image ?
what kind of truck is this ?
what is the name of the company printed on the side of the train ?
what number is on the train ?
what is the name of the clothing outlet ?
what is the name of the business shown straight ahead ?
where is the historical society ?
in what state is this post office located ?
in which city is this post office located ?
what is the hotel ?
what is the candle number on the cake ?
what does the first word say on the man's shirt ?
what does the middle word say on the man's shirt ?
what is written on the big red sign in big bold letters ?
what is written under "stop" ?
what is written under the 3 shadow figures ?
what does the player's jersey say ?
what is the name of road
what is the sign of board reference
what does the large word in the grey sign say ?
which words are in all caps ?
what is the phone number ?
what are the big words written on the street ?
what is printed in white ?
what is the bus number ?
what is the lettering beneath the chair ?
what year was this photo taken ?
what is the issue number of the comic book ?
who is depicted on the cover holding a stick with fire ?
what is the name of the street displayed on the sign ?
what number is displayed under the street sign ?
what is the number in name plate of truker ?
what does the surfboard say ?
what is written in the upper left corner of the radio ?
what time is on the clock ?
what are the last three letters on the tee shirt ?
what two letters come before the n on the tee shirt ?
what is the copyright date ?
what is the first name in the title ?
what tv show is james spader in ?
who is in blacklist ?
where is the new york sports club ?
what is the number of the locomotive ?
what car company is advertised on the barricade ?
whos is the sponsor on the biker's helmet ?
what is the first word written on the snowboard ?
where does the label suggest conrad is from ?
which airline operates this airplane ?
on what website can this image be found ?
what track number is the yellow train on ?
what station are these trains at ?
what is written on the plate ?
what is the licence plate of the bus ?
what is the bus number ?
what does it say on this building ?
what's the number of the scale model ?
what's the brand of the scale ?
on the left-most side, what word is written in a blue box ?
how much money does the machine pay up to ?
what kind of luck is the machine wishing you ?
where are they having meals ?
what are they using for eating ?
what is the three letter logo printed on the wall ?
what color is the stapler ?
which days are joe's barber shop open ?
when is the barber open ?
what is the name of this store ?
what is the name of the seasoning ?
what number is on the cardboard beside the refrigerator ?
what word is listed immediately above the center window ?
what does the yellow sign say ?
what is the first gate shown on the blue sign ?
what phrase is placed on the door frame ?
what digits appear in the bottom red section of the front of the train ?
who is the person who took this photograph ?
what author is this cat's owner interested in ?
what is the brand of this product ?
what does the top of the red/white sign say ?
what color is the pot
what is written on the helmet ?
what letters are on the front of the safety hat ?
what is written on the storefront sign ?
what city is written on the side of the bus ?
what is written thereon the bottle
which airline is the plane ?
what is the name of the company ?
what is their facebook page ?
what type of peanut butter is this ?
what are the instructions given ?
what city do they call their home ?
what japanese car manufacturers logo can be seen ?
what color is the 33 written in ?
what is the red bus number ?
where is the red bus going to ?
what is the red bus company ?
what is the logo say ?
what company produced this picture ?
what year is listed in the copyright ?
who does the copyright belong to ?
what is the text on the red, white, and blue plane ?
what is the text on the foremost gray plane's tail ?
what is this bike's manufacturer ?
what is the destination of bus 1211 ?
what does the man's shirt say ?
what is the first word written on the post ?
what is the last word written on the post ?
what brand is the motorcycle ?
what is the airlines name ?
what does the text say ?
how many calories per serving ?
what percentage of calcium is in a serving ?
what has 35 mg per serving ?
what is the license number of the car ?
what does the sign on top of the car say ?
what does the green magazine say ?
who is the author of the novel on top of the magazines ?
what is the first word on the side of the bus
which road is named after a fruit bearing group of trees ?
what is the name of the bazaar ?
what does the sign say in red lettering ?
what is the name of the second store from the left in puzzle ?
what does the crane say ?
where is the closest parking space ?
what is the color of the cat's eyes ?
what is the brand name of the can in the foreground ?
what is buy that person ?
what letter is the only letter fully visible in the photo ?
what is the brand of the vehicle ?
what is the license plate number ?
what is written across the front of the windshiled ?
what is does the yellow sign say ?
what word is above the ball ?
what is the last name of the photographer ?
what is the groom's name ?
what is the bride's name ?
what street are they on ?
what many km to fujiyama
what number is on the train ?
what is the first word on the train ?
which side of the picture is the train on ?
name of the station ?
what number is on the side of the train ?
what is the number on the catchers shirt ?
why do you need to stop here ?
what website famous for calling the sandy hook shooting a hoax is listed on the car's bumper sticker ?
what is written in bike  ?
what time is displayed on the computer ?
what is the name of the team in white ?
what number is the white jersey ?
what is the name of this restaurant ?
what kind of food do they serve ?
which company makes the phone ?
what is the hot sauce ?
what is to the right ?
what is to the left ?
what slogan is used for the offer in the centre of the image ?
what is the website url listed ?
what is number of last truck ?
what is the year mentioned in the photo ?
what month is listed on the side of the bus ?
what is the letter on the blue sticker in the laptop corner ?
what is the instruction on the wall ?
what does the red street sign direct you to do ?
what two letters are visible next to the tree in the top left ?
what branch of the military service is the plane for ?
what squadron unit is this plane for ?
what is the side of the plane say it's used for ?
what color wig is on display ?
what brand is the bus ?
who took the photograph ?
what is the first word written on the green awning ?
how often is the fun fair open ?
what is the operating system shown on the screen ?
what is the first name shown on the nametag ?
what is the brand of computer ?
what is the only word fully visible on the sign that contains a red vehicle ?
what is the special of today ?
when was national train day book released ?
how many peoples on there
what he hold in hand
what does the red text say ?
what flavour is the peanut butter ?
what is a brand of a watch
what is a time in a watch
what is the number worn by the skier in the rear ?
what is the number worn by the man at the far right ?
what year was this picture taken ?
what are the middle 3 characters in the license tag ?
what word is displayed on the front of the vehicle ?
what brand are the doughnuts ?
what is the number of the car in the middle
what is the name of the eat place ?
what city is listed on the sign ?
what brand name is displayed on the yellow sign in the lower right area of the image ?
what word is on the screen farth
what word is displayed on the yellow sign with the picture of a muscled man ?
what is the name of the avenue ?
what is the contact number mentioned on the truck  ?
what is the contact number mentioned on the truck  ?
what is the name of the wedding photographer ?
where is the bus going to ?
what is the number of the bus ?
why doesntwhy is bakes not clearly displayed
this does not look to be on a corner. why does it say it is a corner bar ?
what airline is on the plane ?
what is written on the bus
what is the number present on the bus
what type of barometer is this ?
what is the name printed on the lower right corner of the bus ?
what is the sign of board reference ?
what is the address given
what is written bottom of the place ?
what is the license plate number ?
which turn can drivers not take ?
where can drivers not turn ?
what dates can drivers not turn on elizabeth street ?
what number is on the back of the batter ?
what did the rocky mountain news say about this book ?
who wrote the book pictured in the photo ?
what is the title of the book pictured ?
what is the name of the hotel ?
what word is below cigars ?
what word is on the side banner on the left ?
what letter and number code is written in black on the top left ?
what type of drink is described on the sign ?
what is the year mentioned on the red shirt ?
what is the first word display on the fire exit ?
what is the first word display on the green sign ?
what does the bible says ?
what animal do you see ?
how many fives do you see ?
what color are the arrows ?
what does the blue sign say ?
what is the name of the company written in white with a red background
what brand is the red truck ?
what is written on the train ?
what meal is in the box ?
what is the company's name on the building ?
what is on the yellow banner in front of the building ?
who is the player wearing the blue jersey ?
which brand of bread is delivered by these trucks ?
which commercial pastries are supplied by this company ?
who photographed this image ?
what year was this photo taken ?
what is the photographers last name ?
what does the chalk board say above the arrow pointing down ?
what is display on the image
what is the number present in the left corner
what's the no. plate  ?
whats's the destination written on the bus  ?
what's the color of the bus
what number is the bus
what's the color of the car on the left
what type of animals are not allowed ?
what is the bottom word at the sign at the top left of the image ?
how many people can be seen on the image ?
what color is the third flag at the top left of the image ?
what is the name on the bottom of the photo
what does the white sign say with the ribbons ?
what website is located in the top center blue box ?
what word does the street sign say ?
what company owns the building in the back ?
what company owns the white and red truck on the left ?
whose the author
what does the sign say ?
what is the name printed on the side of the model plan ?
what are the first two letters on the orange sign ?
what is the o word that is found in this picture ?
what name of a french city can be found in this picture that starts with the letter p ?
what is brand name on box
what is the name of the train ?
what street is shown ?
how many solutions are offered ?
who does great results begin with ?
what type of guarantee is listed ?
what is written in tea cup
what is the sign of board reference on top
what is the sign of 2nd board refer
what is the address given
what is the slogan of the white banner under the "ennerdale dental centre" sign ?
what shop is visible in this photo ?
what brand is advertised 3 times in this photo ?
what is the batter's number ?
what is the batter's surname ?
what is the name of the bus company ?
what symbol is on the door of the white truck
what is the term on the shorts ?
how many mg are the aspirin ?
what is the brand of the refrigerator
how many appliances are in the picture ?
how many knobs are on the mircowave
which year was this photo taken ?
what is the name of the company ?
what does the sign say ?
what word is on the orange wall inside the blue bubble ?
what symbol is listed
what company logo is shown
what number is in the address
what avenue does the sign say ?
what is the first word spray painted in black ?
what is the second word painted on the wall ?
what is the third word from the top that is on the wall ?
what word is on the red sign ?
which words on the the white sign ?
what is the name of the white boat ?
what does the sign to the top of the incased list read ?
what number is the taxi ?
what does the watermark say ?
what is the name of the hotel ?
what colour is the car on the left ?
what should you not add ?
how would you heat this ?
what does this image say ?
what does the sign say ?
what is not allowed on the street ?
what can drinks be in ?
what is the ordinance number ?
what is the brand of the tennis player's shoes?`
how many people are in the picture ?
what color wristband is the tennis player wearing ?
what does the boy's sweatshirt say ?
what sport is he playing ?
what brand are his shoes ?
what brand of phone is this ?
with choosing this service what do you get ?
android or apple ?
what city is this statue found in ?
what delivery company is the bike working for ?
what percentage off do you see ?
what does the watermark on the photo say ?
what year was this taken ?
what is the artist's first name ?
what is the artist's last nam ?
what is written underneath the clock ?
what is advertised on the big black boards on the left ?
what is the number on the orange train ?
what is the name of the photographer ?
what is written on the sign of the store ?
what is the speed limit ?
what brand device is displayed ?
who are being assisted ?
what is the first word, or heading ?
what is the last word ?
what is the first word on the tag ?
what is the name of this board ?
what is the name and last name on the image ?
what does the text say on the airplane ?
what is written on the cabin ?
what is serial number of the train ?
what is written on the front bottom of the train ?
what is color of the guy's shirt ?
what beer brand is on the tennis net ?
what are the white words on the red sign ?
what is written on the yellow sign ?
what is the brand name printed on the right ski ?
this plain is from which airline ?
what is the other word on the 'enter' key ?
what is the one letter road ?
what names are listed above the clock ?
what number is on the yellow jersey ?
who took the picture ?
when was the picture taken ?
what is the name of yellow boat ?
what is the name of brown color boat ?
what is the name on the clock ?
what type of clock is this one ?
what is the proper name for the item on display ?
what does the sign above the door say ?
what store is the person entering ?
what is the white text on the restaurant sign ?
what is the yellow text on the restaurant sign ?
what does the top box say ?
what does the bottom box say ?
where is the train headed ?
what is the number of this train ?
what type of baggage can be checked at the to the right ?
what does the blue sign read ?
what is the number on the plane ?
what is written on the back of the boat ?
what is the street name ?
what company's logo is in the black box in the upper left ?
what is the number for papa john's ?
what is the sign of board reference ?
how many street lights on there
what is the sign of board refer under the  post
what word is printed on the bottom of the blue motorcycle ?
what does the train door say ?
what road is indicated on the traffic post ?
what is the first word on the sign in the window
what is the second word on the sign in the window ?
what word does the lower plane have written on each wing in bold font ?
what season is it ?
what is the color of the lady's umbrella ?
what brand name is the motorcycle ?
what is written on the sign under the stop sign ?
what is this postbox number ?
what colour is the board
what is the right side name of the board
what is the number on the top center of the bus ?
what is the number on the pick plack in the buses back window ?
what number is on the white sticker on left side of the back of the bus ?
how much would it cost to buy two of these clocks ?
what is on the shirt ?
what brand name is on the container ?
what is the elevation of miranda ?
what is the population of miranda ?
what number should you call for an emergancy ?
what is the man doing
what word is on the red octagonal sign? ?
what does the words at the bottom of the stop sign read ?
what is the first word writen on the clock
who do you bank with ?
what is the name on the top the bus ?
what is the letter on the wall on the left  ?
what is on the door in white and green ?
what does the url say ?
what type of medical care is advertised in the background ?
what is the brand of trailer ?
what is the brand of the bottle ?
what number is written on the sign on the top ?
what kind of spoon ?
what is the name on the side of the plane ?
what is written at bus side area ?
which company is delivering the cargo ?
what kind of sauce is in the bottle ?
what company makes this sauce ?
what does the sauce claim to be winning ?
what brand is shown on the little blue sweater ?
what type of establishment is advertised in the background ?
what is written on blue and white signboard ?
what four digit number is listed on the front of the bus in the window ?
what does the computer screen on the left say ?
what does the computer screen on the right say ?
what is the vintage of the wine bottle with the face image ?
what is the vintage of dalfari ?
what does the girl's shirt say ?
which sport is this ?
what is written on the camera flash ?
what computer brand is advertised on the poster next to the doors ?
what kind of bus is shown ?
what kind of animals are these ?
how many zebras there are in the picture ?
what is the color of their prints ?
which word can be seen in white in the background ?
which word can be seen in yellow in the background ?
who owns the stacked train car ?
who owns the train car shown in front of the tallest skyscraper ?
what is the white sign advertising ?
what country was this taken in ?
what word is above the door on the left ?
what does the white sign say on the bridge ?
what bank is posted behind the player ?
what room is said to be dirty ?
what number is the player on the left ?
what is the name of the player on the left ?
what is the number of the bus going to kensington high street ?
what does the street sign warn to beware of ?
what is the name listed in the red oval ?
what kind of tobacco is pictured ?
who copyrighted this photo ?
what company has made these donuts ?
what number would you use to contact the creator of these donuts ?
what does the text on the brown hat say ?
what is the name on the bench ?
what is written on the back of the ladies shirt ?
what is the name of the clothing store ?
what number is on the street sign ?
who made the donuts ?
what is the number of the train ?
what is the name on the side of the train ?
what date was this picture taken
what is the name on the camera lens ?
what is the brand name in the picture ?
what number is located on the driver door ?
what country is on the bear's shirt ?
what bus service is listed ?
what is the bus number ?
what city is listed on the top sign ?
what is the license plate number on the bus ?
what is written on the bus license plate ?
what is the bus number ?
what comes after the period on the top ?
what number is on the orange fire hydrant ?
what letter is visible in blue on the boys hoodie ?
what is written on the red hearts ?
what color are the bears ?
how many yellow bears are there ?
which cartoons are represented in this picture= ?
what is written bellow alpha and omega ?
what is the license plate number of the yellow bus ?
what is the number of the yellow bus ?
what should you put down for a better ride ?
what is written on the yellow sign
which domain is this ?
what is the name of the sign with the camera on it
what is the name on the other sign
what are the top numbers on the sign
what does the booth on the mans head say ?
what company is shown ?
what kind of meal is this ?
what brand is it ?
what is the photographer's last name ?
what is the photographer's first name ?
what is the shop name in the image
what is the  discount percentage ?
what company made this tractor ?
what is the class of the bus shown ?
what kind of sign is at the top of the pole ?
what does the sign below say ?
who is sponsoring the match ?
what is the name of the tournament ?
what is the number written on the batter's shirt ?
what is the last name of the player with number 44 on his jersey ?
what number is jewett ?
what is written on the bigger red sign ?
what is written on the smaller red sign ?
what is written at the top of the poster ?
which days are mention in this picture ?
what is written under thursdays on red pump ?
what is the first word on red pump ?
what is the bus number ?
what is the front license plate of the bus ?
what is the highest number in the picture ?
what is the name on the front of this motorcycle ?
who took the picture ?
what are the dates of the event shown on the announcement/invitation ?
what is the name of the event shown on the announcement/invitation ?
what does the sign sy that is attached to the bus ?
what is the number listed on the bus ?
what is the title on the top of the yellow vehicle ?
what does it say on the wall ?
which year this photo was taken ?
what is written in the helmet ?
what is phillip's last name ?
what brand is represented ?
what does the sign say ?
what is the road named ?
what is the website on the truck ?
what website do i go to ?
who took this photo ?
what is the number of the bike on the left ?
what is the sentence on the red bird ?
what is the hour limit for the parking meter ?
what quote is written on the toaster ?
where should you watch for cyclist passing ?
what is the business name noted under the couple ?
what company name is in yellow on the left ?
what is the name of the top magazine ?
what website do i go to ?
what zone is the sign for ?
what is the emergency service department on the van ?
who are the sponsors for this sporting event ?
what type of bus is pictured ?
what is written on the pillar ?
what street do you use to access charles street ?
when does the meal expire ?
how many minutes to microwave it ?
what does it contain ?
who copyrighted this photo ?
which hotel's logo is pictured ?
where is raffles hotel located ?
what does the sign say ?
what kind of spice is the red bottle ?
what year was this photo taken ?
what is the player's number ?
what color is the bat ?
how many minutes between busses ?
where does the bus route start ?
where is the end of the bus route/
what is the traffic sign ?
what is the street name and number ?
what is the number of the angle in the picture ?
what question number is on the picture ?
what 3 brand of trainers are being sold ?
how big of a sale is on the nike trainers ?
what is the number on the sign ?
what is the brand name of bicycle ?
what world comes before clock ?
which country name is on the post card ?
what state is listed on the post card ?
what number is shown on the front fender of the motorcycle aboard the sidecar on the left of this photo ?
what does the sign say below the word "jesus" ?
what is the year on the picture ?
what shuttle bus is this ?
what phrase is fartherest left on the bus ?
what does the shirt say ?
what is the car brand featured in the photo background ?
what color is the gown ?
what is the number of the photo ?
what is the brand of the thermos ?
what is written with red color ?
which word is before vienna ?
what is the beginning of the word on the place mat that is also a man's name ?
what are the last 5 letters of the word on the place mat ?
what is the price of the product on the left ?
how many planes are in this picture ?
what is the date in yellow font ?
what is peter's last name ?
what is his job title ?
what website is advertised in this photo ?
what city is this team in ?
what does it say on top of the clock ?
what is the name of the building the bus is passing ?
what brand of beaker is this ?
what word is printed in blue ?
what grade does it say this is ?
how many pints are in the container ?
what is the saying next to the flowers ?
what airline does this airplane belong to ?
what does the sign say is fresh ?
what is the name of the photographer that took this picture ?
what avenue is on the top of the green sign (pointing right) ?
what does it say in the blue on the green sign ?
what is the name of the printing company whose logo appears three times ?
where is the outdoor school ?
how many years has the house furnisher been established ?
what is the company name on the hanging blue banner ?
what is the title of the book on the left ?
who is the author of the book on the left ?
what is the book on the right called ?
what is the last word written on the mirror ?
where does this fire truck operate ?
what is the truck number ?
what is written on the ladder ?
what is the two digit number in gray writing ?
what year was the picture taken ?
what year was this photo taken ?
what basketball team is 15 minutes from broadway ?
where is this building located ?
what city is this ambulance from ?
what does the sign say ?
what month is on the calendar ?
what does the bottom line of text say ?
what three black numbers are visible on the hydrant ?
what name is above the fraction ?
what street is this traffic signal located ?
what number is the player who has the bat in his hands ?
what number appears on the hydrant ?
what do the big letters say ?
what words does the truck say on the door ?
what year is listed after the copyright logo ?
what word is on the man's apron, directly under his arm ?
what is the airline company that owns this plane ?
which state is this ?
where are you being welcomed to ?
which colour is the traffic light ?
how much is the penalty for honking ?
who is the roofing company ?
who is the auto repair ?
what flavor are these cheez-it crackers ?
what is on the sign above the building ?
what numbers are written on the front of this train ?
where is this truck from ?
where does this purse's owner get their movies ?
what is written on the orange t-shirt ?
what is the first word in white type on the black shirt ?
what is one of the phrases written on the petals ?
what is printed on the back wall ?
what is the license number of the scooter ?
how far away is remote, or ?
what is the first letter on the bottle with the flower in it ?
what is written on the side of the blue bus ?
what is the brand of the truck ?
what is the license plate number of the truck ?
what shoe company advertisement is shown ?
what does the watermark saw ?
what number is on the front of the sled ?
what does large font art the centre of this sign say ?
what brand is featured on the left ?
what brand is featured on the right ?
what is the phone number on the for sale sign ?
what is for sale ?
what opportunity is advertised ?
what is the visible number on the baseball players shirt that is running
what does the white sign say ?
what is written on the blue banner ?
what is the bus number ?
what brand and model is this projector ?
what is the first word on the sign ?
what is printed on the pen ?
do the british like trains as much as the americans ?
will we need a pullman for the horn ?
what candy company is advertised ?
what in in the bus in red ?
what is the speed limit ?
what instruction is given since the bridge is out ?
what sport is being played in this image ?
what brand of sneakers is the subject of the image wearing ?
what website is listed at the bottom of the picture ?
what is written on the digital display on the blue bus ?
what is written on the red sign ?
which city in the united states does this bus say it is located in ?
what does the writing on the bus say after 'clean air' ?
what is on the girl's shirt ?
from which team are the girls
what is the word on the green apple slices ?
what company is depicted in the image ?
what brand is depicted in the advertisement on the right within the entrance ?
what number is by the rectangle magnifying glass ?
what letter is by the rectangle magnifying glass ?
what number is near the bottom of the black circular magnifying glass ?
what is the brand of this thermometer ?
what is the text on the white hat ?
what word is on the green sign ?
what is the name of the blue and white boat ?
what is the number of the boat that is furthest away ?
what is the number on the cows ear tag ?
what is the number on the license plate of the bus ?
what number is on the plane ?
what team is this sweatshirt promoting ?
what is the station name on top of the clock tower ?
what is the name of the street ?
what is on the white sign ?
what does the yellow sign indicate ?
name a letter on the womans white bag ?
what is the name of the boat in this picture ?
what number is on the skiers shirt ?
what number is the player with the a on his shirt ?
what letters are on the blue train ?
which footwear company advertise on this skate park ?
what is written by the wall
what is the jersey number of the player in the picture ?
what is the p.o. box number ?
what first name is on the warehouse ?
what is the writting in hand board ?
what is purpose of board ?
what does the front of the train say ?
what is written on the windshield of the tractor ?
what is the first letter of the word written on the windshield ?
what is the third letter of the word on the windshield ?
who is the player at bat ?
what is the batter's number ?
which team's dugout is visible ?
what company name is found on the train car ?
what number is on this bus
what is present in snacks box
what is the sign at the front ?
what is the brand name on the coffee cup ?
what is this device ?
what is the name of the tool in the picture ?
what is written in white under the table ?
what is written in brown under the table ?
what is the label above the left bowl ?
what is the label above the middle bowl ?
what is the booth for ?
what word do you see at the feet of abraham lincoln ?
what is the skateboarder's number ?
what are the three letters on the girl's vest ?
what is written on the board ?
what kind of shop is next to the sewing center ?
what text is on the front of the phone ?
who makes this phone ?
which tournament is this ?
what is the number of first red bus
what is the name of the bus
what is the number of green bus
what is the first ingredient listed ?
what is written on the poster ?
how many grams of fiber ?
how many grams of sodium ?
what brand of camera is it ?
what brand of cell phone is it ?
what is the visible name of the front album in the floor stand ?
what are the initials on the booth
what does the sign say ?
what is the first word of the sign ?
what is the last word of the sign ?
whose birthday is it ?
what is the name on the cake ?
what is the time on the clock on top of the car ?
what does the store front read ?
what is the model of the truck
what brand is on his sleeve ?
what is the auto company called ?
what is being advertised on the net ?
what party is shown in the engraving ?
what does the text in this photo say ?
what profession are the men on horses ?
how much do the peppers cost per pound ?
what is the name of the bus ?
what is the tv brand
what number is written on the white jersey ?
which bank is advertised on the blue sign ?
what name is written on the jersey ?
what restaurant is behind the bus ?
what word is on the licence plate ?
what word is printed on the white container in the refrigerator ?
what business is on the yellow sign ?
what red word is shown on the side of the building to the right ?
what is the brand of this item ?
what word is written on the back of the bus in red ?
what letters are found in red on the green bottle ?
what word is found in red capital letters in this image ?
what 5 letter word is shown to the right of the pizza ?
what is written at the top ?
who owns the rights to this photograph ?
what is not allowed in the park
what is the number listed on the seats ?
what is written on the top of the blue bus ?
what number is written on the "retail" sign ?
what is the name of the left-most restaurant ?
which product uses the most words in its' name ?
what is the name of the product with white frosting and white cupcake ?
the name of which fruit can be found in the image ?
what tennis event is this ?
what company name is on the scoreboard ?
what name is written above the mouse ?
what is written on the side of the filter ?
what is written in the kid's tshirt ?
what is the number on the side of the train ?
what gold letters are in the field of red on the sign ?
how much does it cost for a cronut ?
what are the last four numbers of the telephone number ?
what is the name of the tram company ?
what is the license plate of the tram ?
what is the brand of the motercycle in the forfront of the image ?
what does the black sign say ?
what number is the white goat ?
what word is on the sign ?
what is the brand name of her dress ?
what beer brand name is advertising on the front wall ?
what is website address ?
what is the number of fl oz listed on the crate ?
what team is displayed on the picture
what is the biggest word on the sign ?
what number is visible on the boy's sweater ?
what is the number of the bus ?
what is the number of the bus ?
which word is written on the green jacket ?
what does the license plate on the front of the bus say ?
what is charles last name ?
what is the boat name of the largest one ?
what is the brand name of the camera ?
what two letters are written on the grey shopping bag ?
what is the left most word on the sign ?
what is the right most word on the sign ?
what is the word on the second line of the sign ?
what number is written after kama ?
what are the first three numbers on the license plate ?
where is a man going ?
what word is on the wall ?
how long has the current song been playing ?
what song is playing ?
what does the button below the screen say ?
what is the name of the business ?
what company made the lens cap ?
what does the person who drew on the bag support ?
what is the first red letter in the background ?
what color dress is the woman wearing ?
what color shoes is the women wearing ?
what is printed onto this mug ?
what brand is the compact ?
who is the photo copyrighted by ?
what name is on the label of the bucket ?
what does the text underlined in red say ?
what vegetable is this ?
what is the brand of seed ?
when can you harvest ?
what number is on the jersey of the player in red ?
what is the name of the bus company ?
what fruit is named on the street sign ?
what number follows se on both signs ?
what is the number on the round sign ?
what is the number on the first cart ?
what is on the side of the bus ?
what printing is on the red hat ?
what website is listed ?
what phrase is below 10:00 ?
what does the green and yellow sign say ?
what store is in the image ?
which website appears in the orange strip ?
which restaurant offers free delivery ?
what does the second restaurant offer ?
what does the bag the girl is holding say ?
what is the word on the shoulder ?
which airline is advertising ?
what are the two purple words on the lower half of the train ?
what university is named on the side of the train ?
what date does the program, lindisfarne gospels, end ?
which street sign is on the bottom ?
what number is writen on the top street sign ?
what is the name on the picture ?
what type of serve speed is measured ?
what are the letters shown on the train ?
what mineral do you use for cooking ?
what is written on the batter's sleeve ?
how much ground beef will i need in this recipe ?
what brand of bottled water is advertised here ?
what is below the word amiens ?
where this picture is taken ?
what street is the bus going to cross ?
what is written on the blue board ?
what is the name of player 46 ?
what is the name of player 27 ?
who is the author ?
what is the title ?
what year was this photo taken ?
what is the name of the team in blue
what year was this directory for ?
what kind of pages are listed on the left ?
what kind of pages are listed on the right ?
what company name is written on the gazebo ?
what the first word in the yellow sign ?
what are the letters on the shirt ?
what website is advertised ?
what does the back of the motorcycle say ?
what name is written on the small cake on the top of the stand ?
what is the red sign ?
what is the street name ?
what is the year listed on the green sign ?
what brand of shoe is this person wearing ?
what is the name of the company ?
what word is written infront of trails ?
what three digits are on the front of the bus ?
what is written in the pancard  ?
what number is displayed on the fire hydrant ?
how many cabinets are there ?
what is the number on the pen on the right side of the image ?
who is running this booth ?
what is the author's first name ?
which company operates the train in the picture ?
what is the name of the bus stand
what is written on the back of the shirt of the man in the foreground ?
what delivery service is the truck for ?
what city name is written on the badge ?
which station is this ?
when had taken this picture ?
what intersection is shown in the photo ?
what is the word on the bottom right of the image ?
what is the person in the white shorts holding ?
what is the bus number ?
what is written on the tv ?
what do the red words in the crossword puzzle say ?
what is hint number 35 ?
what words are readable on the television ?
what video game system is this game for ?
what is the uniform number of the player ?
what is the last name of the player ?
what make is the truck ?
what is written on the skateboard ?
what company is being advertised on the white sign ?
what product is samsung advertising on the white sign ?
what is the catch phrase of the samsung galaxy note displayed on the white sign ?
how many credits are there ?
what's the name of the man with a white beard ?
what is the name on the box with oranges ?
what animal is this ?
what's the earliest year listed ?
what's the most recent year listed ?
what are the 2 words on the face of the clock towards the top ?
what does the text say on the front of the train ?
what is written on the top sign ?
what does the sign say ?
what does the closest street sign say ?
what brand is the helmet ?
what is the name brand of the helmet
what is the name of the sponsor that appears on the blue sign after afflelou ?
what number is the skier in blue wearing ?
what is the store name ?
what is the store location ?
what is the label on the red bus ?
what is the number in blue ?
where is this game being played ?
what team's name is in red lights ?
what is the name of the baseball park ?
what does the black type on the tshirt say ?
what is the street number ?
what is the avenue ?
what is the name of the supermarket ?
what is the name of the square ?
what is the title of the comic book ?
what words are written in gold ?
who is the artist on the cd ?
what item is this ?
what is the number on the train ?
what is the first name of the photographer ?
what is the photographer's last name ?
what are the letters in the board
what is the color of curtain
which word appears on the front half of the plane ?
what airline is this ?
what letters appear on the tail ?
what letters are written on the white and red shirt ?
what number is on the white and red shirt ?
what number is written on the back of the black shirt ?
who manufactures this phone ?
what is the website in the image ?
what is the identification number of this train ?
what is the website advertised on the front of the rain ?
what website is advertised on the side of the train ?
what is the bus number of this vehicle ?
what is the black sign advertising
what is the name of this slot machine game ?
how many calories per serving ?
how many grams of protein ?
what is the serving size in cups ?
what is written on the sign ?
what brand is the crock pot ?
what is the word under the headlights of the white vehicle ?
what is the photographer's last name ?
what is the photographer's last name ?
what is the photographer's last name ?
what is the first word on the dog's sign ?
what does the trunk of the car say ?
what does the door of the car say ?
what is the name of the airline on the side of the plane ?
what text is written on the front of the plane ?
what is the number shown at the top of the circle ?
what is the number shown at the bottom of the circle ?
what is written on the can ?
which company logo is on the front bumper of the white bus  ?
what street is this ?
what is the name of this shop ?
what is the word in the front window of the truck ?
what company is the image depicting ?
what is the number of this car ?
what is the make of this car ?
is this box from mexico
what is the vechile ?
what bus this ?
where does this highway go to ?
what highway is this ?
what is the brand name of the bike ?
what is the airline company name ?
what is written on the bottom of the ski ?
what is the name of the team on the copyright ?
what is the name of the photography copyright ?
what is the middle initial of author dalton, russell ?
what food does the store sell ?
what is written on the drinks fridge ?
what airlines is this ?
what is this store named ?
what animals is shown on the side of truck ?
what state is listed on the side of the truck ?
who is the bus for ?
what street sign can you see
what is the word shown ?
what is the twitter user name
what is the social media page you tweet on
what tour of tennis is this from ?
what sport is being played ?
what color are the seats in the crowd ?
what color is the roof ?
what court number is the tennis match being played on ?
what is the brand of tv in the picture ?
what is the brand name of the laptop ?
what is the number in the picture ?
what is the country written on the clock at the top ?
what is the country written on the clock at the bottom ?
what is the country written on the clock on the right ?
how many prizes have been given away ?
what is the name of the photographer who took this picture ?
what is the license plate number on the green vehicle ?
name of the sreet
what is on the red sign ?
how many people are riding the motorbike ?
what grocery store is on the sign ?
how much is the bouquet ?
what temperature should you preheat the oven to ?
how long should you let the item stand after removing from the oven ?
how long should you bake the item ?
what's on the banner ?
what to carry in a travel bag
what can you mix with an egg for a hair mask
whose name is written at the top of the scoreboard ?
what is the brand name of the tape roll ?
what is the brand name of the package of glue sticks ?
what city name appears on the cover the blue and yellow book ?
what's the name of the character on the cd player ?
what is the name of the city ?
what is the top word of the orange sign ?
what type of button place
what is the sign refer in train
how much does the item in the picture weigh in oz ?
how much does the item in the picture weigh in g ?
which parking lot is on the right side ?
what is the distance to beim c&a parking lot ?
what is the distance to mariahilfer platzi parking lot ?
what type of holiday destination is suggested in the left hand side of this image ?
what type of decor is sold at googla ?
what number is this train car ?
what word on the yellow sign means you should be careful ?
what is the price displayed in large letters on the sign ?
what fruit is on the top of the sign over the price ?
how many people are playing the guitar ?
what is written on the plate at the top of the door ?
what does the top sign say ?
what does the sign at the top of the store say ?
what text is listed on the side of the train ?
what brand is the scale ?
what number is on the fire hydrant ?
what street did the car just pass ?
what is the label above the left lampshade ?
what is the label above the right lampshade ?
what company are these vehicles for ?
what is the name of the restaurant on the gray sign at the corner ?
what name appears on the boat in this photo
what number is on the green players jersey ?
what is written n the poster ?
who makes the drink ?
what do the signs say above the door handles ?
what is written above the clock ?
what are the first three letters are the top of this picture ?
what kind of stuffing is in the box ?
what kind of salt is in the picture ?
what is the number written on the body ?
what is written on the crate ?
which direction is the sign poiting
what kind of food is being advertised by the red banner ?
what is the name of the truck ?
what word is written above stop ?
what word is written on the side of the plane ?
what is the blue type on the sign to the right of the image ?
what is written on the cake ?
what does the black part of the sign say ?
what does the white part of the sign say ?
what is the biggest word in the sign ?
what is the number of the bus
what is written on the tail of the plane ?
what letter is in the blue circle ?
what brand is being sponsored on the big screen ?
what business claims to be "the new at&t" ?
what does the red sign above the entrance onto the field sponsor ?
what soda is being advertised on the billboard ?
what is the name of the company ?
what is the code at the front of the vehicle ?
what is the name of the airplane ?
what word is shown ?
who took this photo ?
what does the ramp say ?
what 4 letters are written across the front of the tank ?
what number is written in t-shirt
what is the jersey number of the catcher ?
which company does the plane belong to ?
what is on the plate ?
where did the donut come from ?
what is written on the red sign ?
what is the song title written on the screen ?
what is the name of the artist of the song ?
what camera took this photo ?
what the number on the vehicle
what type of patrol is pictured
what is the name on the dress
what brand is the product ?
what is the product ?
what number is written next to the dog ?
what is the name of the restaurant
what year is listed on the coin ?
what country is named on the coin ?
what type of flight is this ?
what 2 words do you see
what kind of block is it ?
what is the red bus number ?
what type of network is aving ?
what number is on the black shirt ?
what is the name of the shop .
what is the brand of computer on the helmet ?
what brand is the blender ?
what does the sign say ?
what is the yellow number directly above the initials mph ?
what is written in the top corner of the sign on the traincar ?
what is in the third row of writing on the left hand side of the sign on the traincar ?
what team does he play for ?
what team does this player play for ?
what are the words at the bottom left of this photo ?
what word is on the sign above the person's head ?
what year was this taken ?
what is the website that appears on the bottom corner of the image ?
what is this reserve for ?
where is this bank based ?
what word is in the bottom middle of this photograph ?
what sop is at the top of the escalator ?
where can you look up this pipe ?
what year was this picture taken ?
who took this photo ?
what is the title of this picture ?
what word is written at the bottom of the picture ?
what electronic company is represented on the wall ?
what does the big red sign say ?
what country is this reserve bank in ?
what is the sideways word on the top left ?
what does it say on the yellow sign ?
/what type of store is shown in this photo
which candle store is this ?
what is the team name printed on the jerseys ?
what is written on the corner of the building ?
who is the photography company this image is attributed to ?
what letters are next to the 6193 on the tail of the plane ?
what brand name is on the box ?
what flavor meal is in the box ?
what kind of lessons are advertised ?
what quote is on the skateboard ?
what should not be done ?
what does the orange sign say ?
what is the name of the company of the red train ?
what is the number on the train ?
what kind of ticket is bought for this train ?
number of street ?
what is the word on the sign
what company is the trailer on the left side of the image from ?
what is the occupation of the people riding the horses ?
what is the name listed in the bottom corner of the photo ?
what key is to the right of the 6 ?
what key is to the right of the 9 ?
what key is to the right of the 2 ?
what does it say directly below the clock ?
what does mta stand for in the picture ?
what does the white and red sign say ?
what is the name of the station ?
what number can be seen on the fabric the woman is lying on ?
what is the odometer reading ?
what number is this ?
what sport is being played ?
what is the bus number ?
what is the name of the university shown on the individual's sweatshirt ?
what does the yellow sign say ?
what is written on the side of the bus ?
what brand of bat is this player holding ?
what flavor is this meal ?
what brand meal is this ?
what snack is displayed in this picture
what is the number on the train ?
what is the destination of the bus ?
what is the route number of the bus ?
what is the license plate number of the bus ?
what is the name of the street on the blue sign ?
what is the word on the comic book directly above the reader's head ?
what letter is on the side of the bus ?
what are the letters on the first blue box near the man ?
what number is on the street sign ?
what phone number is on the to let sign ?
what does the sign say ?
who is sponsoring this winter sport ?
what is written in white on the red sign ?
what is written in black on the red sign ?
what is the sponsor fo the bus ?
who is driving the motorcycle ?
what is the name of this individual airplane ?
what is the players last name ?
what number is on his jersey ?
what is written below the red light ?
what is written inside the clock ?
what is the brand of soda in the picture ?
what number is the kid in the orange jersey ?
what number is the kid in the black jersey
what is the name of the flight
what is the website display on the flight
who owns copyrights to this picture ?
what year was this photo copyrighted ?
what name is in the bottom right corner ?
what are the words printed on the wall in back of michael j. fox ?
what is the team number for the player named hosmer ?
what is the word written on the screen on the front of the bus ?
what is written on the fire hydrant
what is the sign refer on train
what colour is the jersey with number one on it ?
what number is on the dark blue jersey ?
what sport is being played ?
what does the watermark in the lower right-hand corner read ?
what is the visible portion of the phone number on the sign ?
what word is on the blue street sign ?
what letter is before h in the bottom of the juicebar sign ?
which numeric digit is located on the sign ?
what part of the tea plant does this sign advertise that they use ?
what is their phone number ?
what is their website ?
what is the name on the street sign clearly visible ?
where is the high court located ?
what is the street name ?
what brand name is on the bottle ?
what number is on the baseball batter's shirt ?
what is the name of the baseball batter ?
which numbers are on the cake ?
what word is in lilac on the cake ?
what is the name on the cake ?
what type of bowl should be used ?
how long should you cook for ?
what menu title is shown below the prices on the red background portion of the sign ?
how many calories are in this entree ?
whats the price of bounty ?
whats the price of thirsty ?
where can you get tea ?
what does the train say ?
what 3 numbers are in the middle of the white sign ?
what is the name of the city shown ?
what is the name of the street ?
who is the photographer ?
what is the airline of the plane ?
what is the number on the side of the race car ?
which sponsor has the largest logo ?
what words are written on the sign in the upper left hand corner ?
what number is visible on the sign in the upper left hand corner ?
what is the brand name ?
what are the three red numbers on the door ?
what is the year on the television screen ?
what is the time on the television screen ?
what month is it on the television screen ?
what is the name of the airline on the airplane ?
what is the name on the airplane ?
what are the three letters on the passenger boarding bridge ?
what word is on the sign below the red 'x' sign ?
which year was the building constructed ?
what is the name of the theatre ?
what year was this picture taken ?
what year is this ?
what is the full date on the sign ?
what month is depicted ?
what is the name of the water heater ?
what kind of box is she using ?
what is written in blue on the larger plane ?
who operates this airplane ?
which airline is this ?
what is the number on the sign that is beside the track ?
what is the license plate of the truck ?
what is the name of the hotel in the background ?
what is the copy right name on the bottom left in black ?
what does the text say in this image
what is the phrase written on the dog's hat ?
what is the bank sponor show in the backround ?
what famous magazine is this image from ?
what is the first word on the note ?
what establishment is in the photo ?
what company took this photo ?
who took this photograph ?
what is the player number mentioned in t-shirt ?
what is the brand name of the toilet paper ?
how many rolls of toilet paper are in the package ?
what is the name of the store in front and on the right ?
what word is on the top left of the signboard ?
what number is on the top of the signboard ?
what is the name of the group on the poster in the background ?
which is the model of the aircraft ?
what name is on the red sign on the right side of the image ?
what are the first four letters printed on the red sign on the right side of the image ?
what is written on the middle sign ?
what is written on the bottom sign ?
what is written on the top sign ?
what is the word on the red sign ?
what is the word written in white letters ?
what is the word on the top red portion of the kid on the right's shirt ?
what word is displayed on the box packing next to the cat that could also refer to its owner ?
what do they want you to have ?
what brand is the vehicle shown ?
what town is the image found ?
what does the writing on the bag say ?
what does the license plate on the bus read ?
what does the finger in the bus point to ?
who took the picture ?
what is the name of the bus ?
what website is the product from ?
q: what town is the firetruck for? a: riverdale
q: what number is the firetruck? a: 7
what is in the package ?
what company is displayed on the storefront ?
what word is directly below nort pacific ?
what is the horse's number ?
what is the name of the sponsored company on the red banner in the back ?
what number is attached to the stake in the back ?
what is the name of the series ?
what is the name of the high school ?
what text is shown above the doorway ?
what type of building is in the picture ?
what is the first word written in red on the man's hat ?
what is the second word written in red on the man's hat ?
what are the three numbers visible in this picture ?
what are the instructions written on the road ?
where is the product made ?
what is the brand of brush ?
what type of glass is the shirt advertising ?
what is the year of the photo ?
what is the name of the food company ?
what road is depicted in the picture ?
what is the word below the baseball ?
what number is on the front of the train ?
what is written on the plane ?
is loving to surf worth the risk ?
what are the words on the side of the car ?
what words are listed on the bottom blue sign ?
what is written on the left side of the top blue sign ?
what is written inthis advertisement board
what is asus in search of ?
which is written in wine glass
what year was this image taken in ?
why is this a place rather than a street ?
what telephone number is shown on the left panel
what year was le french may
what number is on the skier's shirt ?
what does the red sign say ?
what is the number on the sign ?
what street is the sign for ?
what is the name in the middle of the building ?
where is the exit for xel-ha ?
what is the first word on the bottle ?
what is the number on the dark blue sign ?
what is the name of the company that makes the toy cars on the table ?
what is the first letter in blue ?
what is the brand name ?
what type of green soap is it ?
what website is listed on this sign ?
what company is listed at the top of the sign ?
what company is listed second from the top on the sign ?
what is the yellow car ?
what is the bike brand ?
what does the yellow sign say ?
what type of shakes are advertised ?
what name is written under the portrait on the wall ?
what is the phone number of the market ?
what street is the market located on ?
what is sharing ?
what street is this ?
what is occurring with dinner ?
what is the name of the book on top of the stack ?
what is the book on the bottom called ?
what store is located behind the sign ?
what three letters are printed on the left side of this machine
what three letters are printed on the right side of this machine
what does the sign to the left say ?
what is written on the panel above the motorcycle's engine ?
what word is written on the scale on the bus stop wall ?
how many mph are on the sign ?
what letters are displayed next to the numbers on the sign ?
how many signs are there
what does the red hexagon say
what is the brand of this meal ?
where does turning right lead to ?
what is the outdoor store selling ?
which jacket would you put on when it's cold ?
what is the store advertising up front ?
what does the arrow sign say ?
what does the small sign say ?
what is the name at the bottom of the face ?
what does the logo say ?
what is the time showing in the board ?
which hour parking ?
where is going to the vehicles ?
what is the brand on this gas pump ?
what kind of fuel does this gas pump have ?
what state is on named on the train ?
what company operates the train ?
what number is written in yellow on the black vest ?
what jersey number is uribe wearing ?
what is the title of the magazine ?
what is the train engine number ?
what does the man's red shirt say ?
what type of high building is mentioned on the side of a vehicle in the image ?
what are the words at the bottom of the image ?
what is the date at the bottom of the image ?
what is the company name on the yellow truck ?
what is the word that describes what type of bus is pictured ?
what does the sign say ?
what does the sign say ?
what is written on the blue sticker ?
what is the name of the airline written on the side of the plane ?
what is the number on the bus
what are the letters on the bus
what is the letter and number on the yellow sign with the bus on it ?
what sport is this ?
how many people are in this image ?
what are they wearing on their heads ?
what is the last word of the third line from the bottom ?
what is the name on the clear bottle ?
what is the name on the glass with beer ?
what does it say on the plane ?
what anagram is displayed on the black flag with white lettering ?
what is the name of the company that made this ruler ?
what does the pink haired girl's sign say ?
what is the contrary of "dispose" ?
what is the name of the plaza at the top of the sign ?
what chocolate is this ?
which flavored chocolate is this ?
what letters can we see through the bat ?
what is written on the t-shirt ?
what is the number of the engine ?
what team is the baseball player from
what color are the letters in the bounding box ?
what is the best workout for an elephant ?
who designed the best workout for an elephant ?
who designed the poster ?
what is the license plate number of the car ?
what's on the logo ?
what advertisement are there on the banner ?
what's airline name on banner ?
what brand is this soup ?
what 3 same numbers are repeated on the can ?
what incorporation is on the can ?
what is the name of the store ?
what hotel is this ?
what does it say in the center of the envelope ?
who is in the top right ?
what is the top line of the license plate ?
what is the bottom line of the license plate ?
what is the number following hackney central ?
what is the license plate number on this bus ?
what is the name on top of the bus before the number 38 ?
what is the photographers last name ?
what sort of business is mr. rodgers involved in ?
which text is displayed in lower case, white letters ?
what is the name on the stocking ?
what name is written on the stocking ?
what does the yellow sign say
what white and red advertisement billboard is near the entrance to the plane ?
name a sponsor you can read in the background ?
what is the name of the pizza on the right ?
what name does the pair of scissors have under it ?
what is above replay ?
what business advertises with the image of a pair of scissors ?
what is the business advertised directly under denham ?
what number fire engine is this ?
what does the spam have with it ?
what follows the red capitol b ?
what brand is on the can written in yellow ?
what is name of road to the left ?
vesey st block runs from #72 to ?
what is written on plane ?
what company airplane is on the picture ?
what is the photographer's last name ?
what is the photographer's first name ?
what is the radio station id on the side ?
what do they appear to be sponsoring ?
what is the major brand shown at the top ?
what is the brand name ?
which product does this image refer to ?
what website is listed in the bottom left of the image ?
what does the sign with yellow letters say ?
what does the vertical sign with red letters say ?
what is the name of the business below the cars sign ?
what word appears before the @ symbol ?
what kind of shop is this ?
are the letters in the street sign for avenue in all caps ?
nw stands for what coordinates in this sign ?
what number does the train have on the front ?
what is the name of the business ?
what is the large yellow digital number on the top of the bus ?
what altitude can these hikers get food according to the sign post ?
what is the brand name ?
what type of massage is it ?
what is the name of the modelling agency ?
what kind of food is served according to the green circular sign ?
whats written on the front of the plane
what year is listed ?
what is the time listed, am or pm ?
what are the three letters listed for the month ?
what brand are the planes ?
what is the regristration of the red plane ?
what is the registration of the first plane ?
what is written on the bike ?
what three letters are written on the glass to the far left ?
what company offers 24 hour listening ?
what is the direction borad shown
how much are the plantains
what is the name of the establishment in this image
what is the name of the drug store ?
what is the route number of this bus ?
what is the train number ?
what does the caption say ?
what is the first word ?
what is the name of the bike in the foreground ?
which two streets are on the column ?
what word is written in white ?
what two words are written in black ?
what does the writing at the top of the bus say ?
what word is printed on the image
what is the number of the banknote ?
what number is on his leg ?
what does the top sign say ?
what number is on the bottom sign ?
which type of nut is in the sauce ?
what color is the rice ?
what color is the man's cap shirt ?
what three letters come after hi ?
what does the banner say ?
what is the word in the background ?
what is the first word printed in black below the roller skate ?
what does the text on the bottom of the crosswalk say ?
what feature do the shoes in the blue section offer ?
what is the name of the store on the right ?
what is the name of the employment agency shown in the picture ?
how many people are squatting down ?
what type of car is the red car ?
what is the license plate of the motorcycle ?
what sign points to the left away from the people sitting ?
what brand is advertised behind the tennis player ?
what emotions is shown ?
what is the number on the jersey ?
what is the sign on the bottom left of the picture selling for 20% off ?
how many hours does the parking sign at the bottom right of the picture allow you to park ?
what flavor of soda is on the 2-liter bottle ?
what does the sign say ?
what is the name of the tennis court ?
what does the label say the food does not contain ?
what is the food a great source of ?
what can the food inside the can be paired with ?
what is the text on the poster to the left of the skater ?
what word is on the child's shirt ?
which animal is sleeping under the car ?
what number is on this skier's jacket ?
what is the company name ?
what airline is advertised in the picture
how many letters does the word in the white arrow contain ?
what direction is the arrow pointing to ?
what animal can be seen at the top of the image ?
what is the name of the website that is listed at the bottom of the image ?
what food do the serve here ?
what is the building number ?
what route is the left bus taking ?
what only goes in the trash can ?
what route are they on ?
what year was this photo taken ?
what do you do to start / pause the product ?
what is written in red letters ?
what words are displayed on the window ?
is the soup hot or cold ?
are they selling coffee or tea ?
what is the first letter of the watermark on the right bottom of the image ?
what is this building housing ?
what is the building called ?
what is written on the building, in its entirety ?
what word is shown in the image ?
what is the first word in the phrase written on the bottom of the photo ?
what is the time shown on the microwave ?
what is the brand name of the microwave on the bottom ?
what is he protesting against ?
what does the flag say ?
what are the letters and numbers on the front of the train ?
what animal is this ?
what scent is the dish soap ?
what sport is she playing ?
what word is written on the green arch of the can ?
moment ski's
who is the photographer ?
who is the photographer of the image ?
what is the name of the restaurant ?
what brand is the water bottle ?
what word is on the candy ?
what type of business is found in this building ?
whose photography business is this ?
what is the last name of the photographer ?
what is the train id number ?
what is something found in the bible ?
how many mike are in a stage ?
what black store is to the left ?
what other stores are to the left ?
what is the first word written on the lid of the computer, if you were reading it right-side-up ?
what is the airline that is being advertised ?
what does the yellow sign with the arrow say ?
what is the tv channel name in the picture ?
what airline is the white and blue airplane ?
what brand name is written on the motorcycle ?
what is the name on the side of the bus ?
what s the name of the formal wear shop ?
what is the airline company ?
what is the name of the building displayed on the black and yellow signage ?
to the left of the picture what are the words on the traffic sign ?
what police department are the police officers from ?
what is the name of the aeroplane ?
what is the name of the road on the street sign ?
what is the brand name on the pink barrel ?
where is it okay to use this product ?
where are additional details located ?
which country is represented by the green storefront ?
what is the first word on the top of this label ?
what is the temperature displayed on the device ?
what does the words on the side of the plate read ?
what is the brand of the bus ?
what is the bus number ?
what is the license number ?
what is the name of the van ?
which horse is ahead in the race ?
which horse is in the second place ?
how much is the strawberry jam ?
what is the word after computer ?
what is the brand of the helmet ?
what is written directly underneath the brand name ?
what letters are on the tail ?
what is the second word on the bus' digital display ?
what is the first ingredient ?
how much sodium per serving ?
what road is the grey car at ?
which restaurant has a red sign ?
what type of company has the blue signs ?
what number is on the top street sign ?
what company is on the side of this boat ?
what number is the catcher ?
what name is advertised on the red banner ?
what is the color of e alphabet ?
what is the brand name of the store ?
what is written on right corner
what brand is the beer ?
what kind of water was in the bottle ?
what does the mans sleeve say in bold writing ?
what level offers more dining options ?
what is the name of the station ?
what is the full name of the drink shown ?
where is the bus going ?
what number is on the front of the bus/
what number is on the window of the bus ?
what is the name of this book ?
what year were the wigan warriors the grand final winners ?
what is the name of the grand final winners ?
what is the name of the store on the left side of the picture ?
what is written in the middle of the equipment ?
what is written on the left side of the equipment ?
what did crisy score according to the scoreboard in this image ?
what colour is the chair ?
what is standing in front on the chair
what colour is the man's shirt
what letter is on the plaid hat ?
what letter is on the girl's white hat ?
what is the name of the photographer that took this photo ?
who is the product made by.
what is the number printed on the white background ?
what name is on the nose of the airplane ?
what are printed on the tail of the airplane ?
what does the text on the awning say
what does the sign say
what brand are the boys shoes
what brand is the boys baseball bat
what type of space does the sign say is available ?
what does the top post it note say ?
what event is depicted here ?
what year is this from ?
what is the name of the motorcyclist ?
what is the car number plate ?
what is the make of the car ?
does cross traffic stop ?
what is the name of the fire ?
what is the engine number ?
what is written across the front of the truck ?
what does the red sign say ?
what brand is the street bike ?
what is the name of the building ?
what is the brand of this watch ?
what is written in yellow at the bottom of the watch face ?
what is the jersey number of the boy wearing yellow pants ?
what does the lower sign say ?
what is the website shown ?
what is located to the right ?
who is the sponsor on the green wall ?
what is the time time of this picture ?
what is the date of  this picture ?
who is the photographer that took this picture ?
who gets credit for this photo ?
who copyrighted this photo ?
what is written on the wings of the airplanes ?
what nationality is the restaurant ?
what is the name of the restaurant ?
what is the time ?
who's biscuits are these ?
what does kennedy make ?
what is the name of the business advertised to the left in orange ?
what type of brush do these men use to make ding repairs ?
what is on the sign ?
what is written on the teddy bear's bow ?
what is listed on the plane ?
what is the number on the front of the motor bike ?
what number is on the sign ?
where does the sign say they are ?
what type of items does the shoe sell ?
what is the website address of the store ?
what does the red octagonal sign say ?
what color vest is the climber wearing ?
what is the number on the cupcake ?
what are the words written in white script at the top of the picture ?
what is the full name of the street ?
what does the red sign say ?
what kind of business is this ?
what kind of people stay here ?
what three letters follow w302 on the license plate ?
what words are at the bottom right of the photo ?
what is the number on the batter's jersey ?
what are the three capital letters at the bottom of the photo ?
what is the name of the sports channel ?
what is the score range ?
which mode the game playing ?
what is the brand of truck ?
what word is on the white awning ?
what word is before the hyphen ?
how many ounces are in the bag ?
what brands this product ?
what number appears on the crosswalk sign ?
what website is written on this bus ?
what hashtag is written on the back of the bus ?
what political slogan is written on the side of this bus ?
what is the name of this brand shop ?
what is the brand of makeup ?
how many pieces of makeup are there ?
which makeup brand is pictured here ?
what fat percentage is the milk ?
what is the brand of the sugar ?
what is the number of the bus ?
what does the word in black on the man's t-shirt say ?
what word is directly above the little girls head ?
what is the title of the book with a bird on it in the top left ?
what is the last number in the row of sequential books ?
what is the sign brand ?
what day of the week is advertised on the side of the bus
what time is advertised on the side of the bus in the sign ?
what is the brand name on the bottle ?
what is the name of the airline on the plane ?
what color is written on the white banner ?
who's name is associated with ride ?
what is the first name of the artist at the bottom of the picture ?
what type of tomatoes are in the can ?
what is the number under the strainer ?
what is the name on the college on the score board ?
what number is this bus
what year is written underneath the plush panda ?
what years are listed here ?
what brand of camera is the man carrying ?
what magazine is in the bottom right corner ?
who owns the copyright to this image ?
what is the copyright year of this image ?
what are the numbers next to harrietville ?
what is the text above the"i" on the poster in the upper right corner of the window ?
what color is the players underwear ?
what number is found on the yellow badge on the windshield ?
what name is written on the green fence in white letters ?
which year was this picture captured ?
what's the name of the organisation ?
what's the height of the top of the road ?
what game are they playing ?
what number is at bat ?
what is written on the blue umbrella ?
what restaurant's menu is the guy looking at ?
what is written next to the red round button ?
what kind of soda is pictured ?
what does the title say on the computer screen ?
what is the banana brand ?
what is the name of the drink with the green cap ?
what is written on the side of the red soda can ?
what is present in wall
what letters are on the side of the blue plane ?
where is this library located ?
what is the phone number displayed on the car ?
what is the website address displayed on the car ?
what is the brand name ?
what name is on the top of the bottle ?
what name is on the bottom of the bottle ?
what is the word on the top right of the sign ?
what is above the white button ?
what is written on the planes tail
what vegetable was in the box ?
are the carrots fresh or frozen ?
what is the first word of the store ?
what word is in bold  ?
what are the first 3 numbers os the parking meter  ?
what it the description of the picture ?
what color is the man's hat ?
what color is the man's shirt ?
what is the licence plate number of the blue vehicle ?
what is the number on the front of the bus ?
what does the bottom of the sign say in black ?
what type of street sign is displayed ?
what brand t-shirt is this man wearing ?
what sign is written
what word appears on the red sign ?
what word appears on the first line of text on the white sign ?
what is the last word on the white sign ?
what kind of gas is it ?
what is the first word written in black lettering ?
what is the bus number ?
what is the plate number of the bus ?
what words can be seen in the title of the project ?
which street is shown ?
what number is given
what jersey number is  the man on the left wearing ?
what jersey number is the man on the right working ?
what is the street name ?
what is the type of shuttle ?
what year did the dairy mart open ?
what is the dairy mart's website ?
what is the phone number of the dairy mart ?
what is the brand name written in black on the right bottom ?
what is display on the bus
what is the number present in the board
what is written on the red sign ?
what does the license plate say ?
what is the name of the company on the truck ?
what does it say under penske on the front of the truck ?
what does it say in the light blue line on the side of the truck ?
what is the name name of the station ?
what is the street number of this building ?
what is the name of this building ?
what is the number on the train top ?
what color is the man's shirt
what color are the man's shorts
what year is the photo from ?
what country is mentioned at the bottom ?
because of what kind of bench ?
what word is below of ?
who made this photo ?
what is the number on the railroad ?
what is the price of oranges
how many oranges can i get for 1 dollar
what is the number of the bus ?
what is the bus license ?
what does the shirt say ?
what is the first word listed under the cross bones ?
what is the name written on the green building ?
what is written in white on the mailbox ?
what letters are below the red circular store sign ?
what are the 3 letters listed underneath the red circle sign ?
what double digit number is displayed in white against a black background in this image ?
what number is the bus ?
what bank is being advertised in back of the tennis player ?
what kind of car is the pink car ?
what make is the pink car ?
what are the last 4 digits on the cooper's license plate ?
what name is on the red tent ?
what is its name ?
what are the biggest words printed on the black poster ?
what type of turn does the traffic sign allow ?
what brand of phone is displayed ?
what is the brand on the red bottle
what are the main words listed on the back of the semi truck ?
how many full ounces are in the royal crown cola ?
what county is playing ?
how many total points are there ?
how many wickets are there ?
what is the text at the bottom right of this image ?
who owns the copy rights to this photo ?
what is the website written at the bottom of the image in white font ?
what is written on the tower ?
what is printed on the sign below the red books ?
what does the license plate say ?
what is the name of the store on the left ?
what is the name listed at the bottom ?
what is the name of the brand ?
what business name is posted above a store front of the right side of the image in blue letters ?
what company offers this service ?
what is the sponser listed on the black camper ?
who three letters are listed on the black ramp ?
what does the top black sign say ?
what does the white sign say ?
which two australian cities are listed ?
what is the name of the street shown ?
the number of the airplane is.. ?
what is written on the side of the truck in english ?
what are the letters on the tv 3 times ?
which team is on the shirt ?
what is the company name on the side of the truck ?
who's name is on the step ?
how many hand wash pipes are there ?
what percentage milk fat is written on the milk carton ?
what is the name of the street ?
what number is on the car in the front ?
what state does the hydrant display ?
what time is it ?
how many euros for the fritatta ?
what place is this man sitting ?
what are the letters of the financial group ?
what type of company is the rbc ?
what name is written at the bottom right corner ?
what number is on the light pole ?
what is the sign of board reference ?
what is the color name of board
what word in the picture has a tt within it ?
what is written on the meter ?
what number is on the parking meter ?
what is the word farthest to the right printed at the bottom of the image ?
what greeting is shown in white against a blue background ?
what color is the bus ?
what is the name of the boat ?
what is the text above the sink ?
what is the name of the unit ?
what is the fan set to ?
what mode is the temp set to, if its on ?
what is written in red color flag ?
what is the number on the batter's jersey ?
which us city is written in the sky ?
what company is printed on the sign in red ?
what is the number of the train engine ?
which "ticket stop" is written in the banner on the door ?
what is the name of the restaurant ?
where are you going to be if you head south ?
where are you going to be if you head north ?
what is written bellow south and north ?
what is the skier number on his jacket ?
what is the name of the product the man is reclining in ?
who manufactures the shelter the man is laying inside ?
what is the name of the restaurant on the left of the image ?
what is the first name of the photographer ?
what does the sign say ?
what fruit is displayed in the picture
what are the men holding in their hands
name of a famous paint  ?
what is the url displayed in the picure
what is written in graffiti on the right of the large graffiti mural on the wall ?
what does the white sign say ?
what number is the batter ?
who took this photo ?
what is the brand of the dog's bed ?
what is the brand of these peaches ?
what is in this tin ?
what type of peaches are these ?
what is in the can ?
what is the license plate number ?
what letter is on the tennis player's tennis racket ?
what brand of hat is being worn? a: adidas
what is the bus labeled as ?
what is the second word on the skateborad's hat ?
what is the sign asking you to do ?
what does the rose colored tissue box say ?
what does the street sign say ?
when was webbers wonder made ?
what is the name of the company that labeled this photo ?
which website is sponsoring this game ?
what is the brand of the bathroom tissue ?
what is written underneath "bath tissue" ?
what hospital does the sign direct you to ?
what symbol is to the right of the word emergency on the sign ?
what is the name of the channel on the telephone ?
what is the street name ?
what is the punctuation mark on the mans yellow vest ?
what is the number of the platform in this image ?
what is the word written on the red sign behind the person on the right ?
what is the total memory ?
what is the cpu type ?
what cigarette brand is advertised ?
what is advertised under the cigarette brand ?
at the top left corner of the bus what is the number shown ?
what is written on the building ?
what brand are the cameras ?
what are the white letters visible in the photo ?
what number is on the plane ?
what is the name of the store in the background ?
what is the name in neon white above the store entrance ?
what is the one word written on the man's shirt ?
what does the red sign say ?
who are you supposed to give way to ?
what is the first street named on the bus ?
what four letters appear on the sign in the lower right storefront ?
the man in the far right of the picture is wearing a shirt that says what? on the back
what is the name on the building ?
what is the tire company that is featured ?
what is the name on the white snowboard in the bottom right of the picture ?
what is the name on the snowboard pictured on the white banner ?
what does the sign say ?
what does the top location sign say ?
which word is written on a blue background ?
what is the name of the cider this vending machine dispenses ?
what type of road sign is in the photo ?
what type of ice setting is this refrigerator set to ?
what number is the train
what is the number above the headlight
who photographed this surfer ?
what number is the skier ?
how much is a banana split ?
how much is a plain waffle cone ?
what does the title say ?
how much is a peanut buster parfait ?
what airline is represented on the plane's tail ?
what is the website address on the bus ?
which city is written on the front of the bus ?
what was the discount amount in store ?
what number is on the orange sign ?
what brand name do you see ?
what is the name of the street ?
what direction is on the sign ?
what letters are visible on the gray shirt ?
which company is being advertised on the wall ?
what brand is advertised on the tent ?
what word is in the upper left corner of the image ?
what is the slogan of ricoh ?
how many points does the home team have ?
how many fouls does the home team have ?
how many fouls does the home to have ?
what period is the game ?
what is the number on the bus ?
what is the name of the bus ?
what is the first name of the photographer ?
who created  the street signs ?
who is riding on the motorcycle ?
who owns the motorcycle ?
what is the date on the image ?
what is written on the bottom right before the date ?
what does the badge on the coffee mug say ?
what is the four digit number of the red bus ?
which street does the red bus go to ?
what is the advertisement for on the red bus ?
what does the word say on the stairs ?
what is being advertised to the right ?
what is the name of the hair place ?
what is the number of the black car
what is writeen on the sign board
what does the text say ?
what brand is the device the man is holding ?
what are those
what color are they
what does it say
what make of harmonica is it ?
what is the first name on the truck ?
what is the name of the truck ?
what is the number of the train in this image ?
what is the poster company name ?
console type ?
what is the price of yellow fruit ?
what is the price of the sandal fruit ?
how many ml does the can have ?
how many rounds will be fought in the boxing match at madison sq. garden, according to the yellow poster ?
where did the boxing match between joe frazier and muhammed ali happen, according to the yellow poster ?
what is the last name of the boxer with the fist name "joe" ?
what is the name in the blue box ?
what is the sign of board reference ?
what is the watermarked name on this image ?
how many red cars ?
how many blue cars
what vehicle is in the top right of the image
what is the name of the business named on the bed of this truck ?
what nature disaster is on the sweater ?
what number is the bear sitting on
how was this photo created ?
what company made these accessories ?
who does the company make accesories for ?
which airline operates these airplaines ?
what are the initials of this airline ?
what alphanumerical characters are depicted in the background ?
what number is on the child's shirt ?
what number is shown on the fence ?
what is shown in this picture ?
what name starts with m and is written on the table ?
what is the number on the jersey of the batter ?
what word is on the shirt of the man standing with his arms crossed ?
what number is in the top left of the image ?
what is on the sign to the right ?
what type of fuel should be put in this car ?
what street is to the right ?
what is the animal name listed on the jet ?
what time does the clock show ?
what number is the shorter clock hand facing ?
what number is directly below the writing on the clock ?
what is the title of the red textbook
what school uses this bus ?
what is wolverhampton's website ?
what is the name of the moving system ?
what does "enter" do ?
who owns this image ?
what is the male name ?
what is the bus number ?
what is this train's number ?
what kinda of traffic sign is depicted ?
what is the number on the sign ?
what brand name is on the umbrella ?
what is written on the umbrella ?
what does it say on the person's t-shirt ?
who wrote the orange book ?
what color is the thickest book ?
what time does the display read ?
what is the brand on the plane tail ?
what is the brand on the hull of the plane ?
what brand name store is pictured to the right ?
what is the brand on the yellow float ?
what is the brand of the yellow flotation device ?
what web site is advertised on the boards ?
which emotion can be associated with the garden in this image ?
what is the brand name on the bike ?
what is the car advertised on the wall ?
which credit card is mentioned ?
what is the number on the back of the batters jersey ?
what year was this picture taken ?
where was this picture taken ?
what lake was this picture taken at ?
what is the name of this club ?
where is the blue and white sign directing you to ?
what is the name of the section in the mall that sells bread ?
what number is written on the red shirt ?
what country name is written on the red team's shirts ?
what number is written on the blue and white shirt ?
what does the graffiti on the bench say ?
what type of business is the car parked in front of ?
what type of school bus is this ?
who is selling the bus ?
what does the ice cream truck sell ?
what does the vehicle say on the front ?
what does the licence plate read ?
what is the sign saying ?
what day does the building offer brunch ?
what meal does the building offer on sunday ?
what does the plane say ?
what is label refer on boat
what is the name of the surprise ?
what color is the traffic light
what is stated on the back of the vehicle ?
what number is shown in the photo frame
what number is at the bottom right of the truck ?
what is the number on the boy with the yellow shirt ?
what is the number on the boy with white shirt ?
what is the visible portion of player #6's name ?
what is the jersey number of the player sliding into home plate ?
what is the jersey number of the catcher ?
where is this sign welcoming you to ?
what does the kid's shirt say ?
what is written in the lower right of the image ?
what is the website address for the airline ?
what is the number on the bus ?
what is a name of this place ?
what kind of counter is it ?
how is meat sliced daily ?
what copy write is on the photo ?
what game is being played in this image ?
what is the speed of serve ?
what is the website on the bottom of the "speed of serve" board ?
what is the website that is listed at the bottom of the image ?
what is the website address ?
where is this cup from ?
what is the name of the store ?
what is this planes' identifying number ?
what branch of the military does this plane belong to ?
what is the name of the airline ?
what is the number on the blue sign ?
what is the name of the street on the red, yellow, and white sign ?
where is the double decker bus headed ?
what number is on the front of the double decker bus ?
what brand are the jelly beans ?
what is the name on the nose of the plane ?
what date was this photo taken ?
what time was this photo taken ?
what is the brand advertised on the wall ?
what is the store name behind the van ?
which side of the refrigerator is the calander on ?
what is the name of the car model ?
what car model is the child in front of ?
what is the number on the front of the bus ?
what is written on the whiteboard of the yellow truck ?
what form of vehicle is this ?
what is the number on the right on the front of train ?
which company is on tin ?
where is the bus going ?
what ate the letters visible on the license plate on the silver car ?
what products can be found in aisle sixteen ?
which television show box set is near the television ?
which movie dvd is on the floor ?
what do the bottom two lines of text say on the poster above the wardrobe ?
what is not permitted in the area ?
what does the sign say ?
what is written on the mouse
what is showing on the keyboard
what is written on the red sign ?
the frankfurters have been famous since what year ?
what color of shirt is the person wearing ?
what color of bag is the person holding ?
what symbol is shown twice on the dog toy ?
what two words are written above the illustrated dog ?
how many tennis player wear white cap ?
what is written on the purple balloon ?
who is the pink card for ?
what day are left turns allowed between 4 pm and 6 pm ?
what is on the building ?
what color is the flag in the middle of the picture ?
what does the sign say at the top of the store behind the bars ?
who created this picture ?
what name is at the top of the building on the right ?
who took this photo
what sport is the woman playing on wii sports ?
what player number is the woman selecting for ?
what is written in the box directly above the top-left face on the tv ?
what company produced this picture ?
what is the word on the white book ?
how long will it take to get to payerne ?
what is written below moudon ?
how many minutes to tour de la moliere
what phrase is written across the top of the van ?
what name is on the bus.
what words are on the van ?
what number is the player wearing ?
what clothing brand can you see printed on the wall ?
what word is on the road ?
what word is on the gas station awning ?
what does it say on this airplane's tail ?
what letter is in the upper right corner ?
what is the last four digits of the contact number ?
what is the letter written in red ?
what is the number on the score board ?
what street says 1200
what is the word in the upper right corner of the box ?
what brand created this bike
what is the tag numben ?
what time is it  ?
what is written in green  ?
what is written in orange  ?
what is the name written just to the right of the racket? (back of the image, starts with e)
what is written in the red board in capital letters ?
what is written in the red board in small letters ?
what number is written in the red board ?
what is the destination of the bus ?
what is the number assigned to the bus ?
what percentage is off ?
who is leading the horse ?
how many pages does the project book have ?
how many pages are in the project book ?
what's colour is it ?
what company owns the commuter train ?
what 3 digit number is written on the train ?
which railroad is this ?
what is the number display on the t shirt
what is the name present in the sirt
what is the name of the airline  ?
what number is shown on the player's jersey ?
what type of car is this ?
what hospital is the ambulance from ?
type the station number
type the number on the train on the left
what is the brand on the yellow sign ?
what is the street's name of the house on it ?
what is written on the arrow ?
what is the country on the ruler ?
what is the name of the store in the white kiosk ?
what dose the sign say
what number found in front black shorts ?
what number is one the rail car ?
which class is this rail car ?
what area is at the end of the rail car ?
what is the train number ?
what is the train bay number ?
what airline owns this plane ?
what kind of plane is it ?
what is the restaurant with the red storefront ?
what word can be seen on the banner in the background ?
which 3 letters are seen on the green shirt ?
what word can be seen on a black background on the blue shirt ?
what is written on the street sign ?
what credit card does this restaurant prefer ?
what are the first two words in the label above the blue seats ?
what is the license plate for this motorcycle ?
where could you find more books ?
what does the sign above the clock say ?
what is the bold yellow word on the bus ?
which street name starts with the letter h ?
what federal law is listed ?
what is the cart number ?
what are the letters on the engine ?
what letter is at the bottom of the signs ?
what does the bottom shelf say ?
who manufactures the forklift truck pictured ?
what is the store called ?
what street is this ?
what word is on the red sign ?
what is written on the orange object ?
what is the three big word listed on the gray sign ?
what does the laptop say on it ?
where is the red bus going to ?
what is the license plate of the red bus ?
what number is written on the red bus ?
what is the name of the hotel ?
what are the numbers on the license plate on the truck on left ?
what is the name of the shop with the handbag near the entry point ?
what is the first name on the tag ?
what two letterword written in yellow is near the womans face ?
what is the number of the bus ?
what is the destination ?
what brand is this plane ?
what number is on the white shirt ?
what is the number on the yellow players shirt ?
what does the sign in red say in the background ?
what word is on the red sign ?
what two words are on the arrows ?
what does the green sign say ?
what is the first word on the red sign ?
what is the name of the plain
what number is the second hand of the clock pointing to ?
which month of the year 2008 is shown in the calendar ?
which date is displayed in red ?
what do the numbers on the sign say ?
what does the sign hanging from the ceiling say ?
what does it say in front of canada ?
what number is the trash can ?
what name is on the street sign ?
what word is misspelled in yellow ?
who is the photographer of this image ?
what is the trains number ?
this photo was taken when ?
what street name is displayed on the street sign ?
what words are printed in black lettering, inside the white arrow on the sign ?
what words are printed on the lowest of the 4 signs ?
how many outs ?
what inning is it ?
how much is the assorted nut chocolate ?
what sports is the picture ?
what is the car being used for ?
what is the name of the website displayed in the bottom left of the image ?
what is the name of the motel ?
what does the bottle say ?
what does the teal book say ?
what does the red book say ?
what does the sign say ?
what is the name of this item ?
what is the first name of the person listed in the bottom right corner ?
what is the brand name written on the toolbox ?
what us the street name of the sign going left to right ?
what street are you on ?
what does the red and white sign say ?
what kind of food is in the box ?
what brand are the egg rolls ?
what is the license plate number of the red bus ?
where is this bus going ?
what is the name of the restaurant across the street ?
what vegetable is there in the plate ?
what is the last letter of the name at the bottom of the painting ?
what is the girl in white's number ?
what is the girl in maroon's number
what month is on the calendar ?
how many pictures of people on the fridge ?
what is the name of the buss company ?
who's donuts are these ?
what is the shop selling ?
what is the title of this section ?
what is the title of this book ?
what is the second word on the blue jersey ?
what is the first word written on the white jersey ?
what are the words on the bottom of the white jersey of the boy in the red sweatband ?
is the spoon full or empty ?
what is the name of the city ?
what is the slogan of the city ?
what is the store on the far left ?
what brand is on the green canister ?
what is the website on the back of the vehicle ?
what word appears on the blue pillow on the sofa ?
what is the word under the v logo ?
what is the first price lister under the name ?
what is the the word under truck ?
what does the white sign say ?
what year is the time stamp for ?
what street is the sign for _______ rd ?
what can not go past the posts ?
what number is shown on the scale ?
what is the main words in the website tag ?
what is the beer on the bus ?
what time is highlighted in green ?
what utility owns this cover ?
what does the top long sign on the left say ?
what is the larger number on right tag ?
what is the smaller number on right tag ?
what is the number on left tag ?
what is the bus number of the white bus ?
where is the destination of the red bus ?
what is the number of the red bus ?
what name is on the cake ?
what is the name of the radio station ?
what does the button left of the tv button say ?
what three white letters are visible on the box behind the chair ?
what number is the skier in the pink tutu and blue jacket wearing ?
what number is the skier dressed in black and wearing eyeglasses wearing ?
what is the number on the machine ?
in which way this picture was taken ?state
what state is shown in picture
what shape is in the middle of the mat
what number is in to image
what is the largest black word across the drawing of the hand ?
what is written on the side of the bus ?
what is written on the front of the bus ?
what does the sign say ?
what type of sign is there ?
what is the best before date ?
how many steps are in the stove top instructions ?
what is the first ingredient ?
what name is written on the jersey ?
what is the number on the jersey ?
what is written on the blur jersey ?
what does it say on the far black wall ?
at what intersection is this sign ?
what is the restaurant name ?
what word do you see ?
what is the name of the stadium advertised on the points board ?
what soda brand is shown in this picture ?
what sport is this ?
what does the text say in the image ?
what is the word under the cupcake ?
what is the name of this theatre ?
which place is this ?
what is the name of the website open on the desktop computer ?
what is the name of the website open on the laptop screen ?
what is written in different colors across the desktop screen ?
what is the name of the street on the street sign next to bridge st ?
what word in green is comes after the word jimmy in this picture ?
what is the name of the street on the very bottom right ?
what does the famous sign say posted on the side of the mountain ?
what three letters appear on the side of the large brown delivery truck to the right ?
what words do the digital letters on the front of the bus make ?
what color route is the bus driving ?
what number is on the front of the bus ?
what does virgin mobile provide ?
what can you buy at wa do ?
what does the sign on the tracks say ?
what number is on the jersey ?
what number is on the green portion of this sign ?
what is the number present in the red bus
what is the number display on the number plate
what's the name of the meat market ?
where is h. heilbronner & co. located ?
what word is shown backwards in the front of the vehicle ?
which tennis tournament is taking place ?
what is the airplane named ?
what is the gate number shown ?
what country did this airplane come from ?
what car company name is on the windshield of the bus ?
what year was this picture taken ?
who took this picture ?
what contestant number is the girl in the light blue shirt ?
what is the boy's name ?
what are the numbers on the skier's shirts ?
what is to the left ?
when can you turn left according to the sign ?
what is the number closest to the minute hand
what is the first word on the uniform
what is the number of the bike
what is the make of the black truck
what is the girl sitting on
how many children are in the picture
what name is in the bottom corner ?
what is written on the license plate ?
what is written on the motorcycle under the wing design ?
what country is written on the side of the motorcycle ?
what does the license plate say ?
what does the red sign say ?
what cable company is the remote from ?
what is written on the boat ?
what kind of product came in this package ?
what brand was the food product in the package ?
what street is above the number 1208 ?
what number is below millicent st. ?
what is the word at the top of the picture ?
what color is the train ?
how many kids does the man have with him ?
what brand is on the dvd players ?
what is the street name ?
what website is it recommended to visit ?
how much is the total on the receipt ?
which brand is the refrigerator ?
whose crossing is it on the left-hand caution sign magnet ?
what does the underlined yellow text read ?
what 3 letters written in blue above the window on the vechicle to the right ?
what type of business is the sign advertising ?
what is text on the wall
what is the street name on the bottom sign ?
what is the traffic sign ?
what name is printed on the train ?
who is the sponsor on the net ?
what is the main colour of this sign ?
what is the second word on the sign ?
what is the first word on the sign ?
what is written on the man's t-shirt ?
who's birthday is it ?
what is the bottom word printed on the white sign ?
what word is printed in white letters ?
what word is printed after the "&" symbol ?
what is written on the back of the truck
what is written on the sign in the bottom right corner ?
what is the name of the airline on the plane ?
what word is printed on the signs with three colored circles ?
what is printed on the sign directly below the cameraman ?
what is the name on the side of the plane ?
what is the license plate of the red bus ?
what is the license plate of the green truck ?
what is the destination of the red bus ?
what are the numbers on the plate ?
what time is it according to the alarm clock in the corner ?
what brand name is represented in the picture ?
what is the first letter bottom left corner ?
what 3 numbers are on the bottom left corner ?
what road sign is there
what number is the player wearing ?
who is in the picture
what color does the boy has
what color is the dog
what's written on t-shirt ?
what does the red sign say
from which store is the food ?
what kind of shop is the food from ?
what is the food called ?
how many giaraffes are there ?
which number is on picture ?
what kind of fruit is this ?
what colour are the apples ?
what is written on the bottom of the receptacle ?
what retailer is located on the left side of the image
what can you get cash for ?
what type of shop is this ?
what brand is the toy in the image ?
what borough of london is this ?
what is the brand on the clock ?
what are the letters on the train ?
what is written on the cake ?
what does the sign on the bottom say ?
what store is on the most right ?
who created the 'god bless america' sculpture in the picture ?
which country is shanghai in ?
which country is dhaka in ?
what is the name on the banner in the background ?
what is written on the wallet ?
what are the first three letters in the license plate on the red car ?
which junction is to the right ?
what is written on the umbrellas ?
what direction does route 42 go ?
what route goes north ?
in which date is the photo taken ?
whats in the red barrels
what are the last two digits on the license plate
what business name is on this sign ?
what is the name of the store seen ?
what is written in blue and white ?
what is written in white ?
what brand are the red skis ?
who's baseball dugout is in this photograph ?
which is the train shown in the image ?
what is the brand of tissue
what does it say on the boy's paper hat ?
who has copyright of this photo ?
what is the letter on the mans hat ?
what is the first word on his shirt ?
what is this a recipe for ?
what is the brand name of this product ?
how long should you bake these for ?
what us state is on the little boy's sweatshirt ?
what website is written on the bottom of the sign ?
what word is written just under the x on the dial ?
who took the picture ?
what is the saying on the sign ?
what shape is the plate ?
what's on the plate ?
what is the number on the building on the right side of the picture ?
what is the name of the building ?
how much are sandwiches ?
what costs $1.60 ?
what country is written on the man's shirt ?
what does the yellow signal say ?
america runs on dunkin
what year is this photo from ?
what is the first name of the person this photo is from ?
what is the last name of the person this photo is from ?
what is the color of the exclamation point ?
what is the first word of the phrase written on the photo ?
what is the name of the coffee shop ?
what is the name of the ice cream stand ?
what percentage vegetarian is goras ice cream
what is the food cart selling ?
what letters are on the front of the train ?
what numbers are on the front of the train ?
what do the letters mean on the clock tower ?
who is the photographer ?
what is the first two digits in the yellow time clock ?
what does the red sign say ?
which airline flies this airplaine ?
what does the sign say ?
what company owns this photograph ?
what is the name of the street ?
what is the number assigned to marietta ?
what airline owns this plane ?
who is the manufacturer of the motorcycle ?
what is the name of the business in the picture ?
what is the red ball ?
what is the wheel on the side ?
what is the top left area called ?
what color are the letters on the laptop screen.
what is the supplement's name ?
what does the man's backpack say ?
what is spelled on the para-shoot ?
what name is printed on this airplane ?
what is the leftmost number ?
what is the highest number displayed ?
what is the number on the bottom of the clock ?
what letter is the small hand on the clock pointing to ?
what is written on the sign ?
what text is behind the player ?
what is the large word on the middle man's sign ?
what brand of cola is in the red can ?
what brand of cola is in the blue, green and silver can ?
what is the name of the store front directly in front ?
what is written on the sign ?
what date is shown on the picture ?
what number is on the jar ?
what is the acronym printed in large pink letters on the side of the bus ?
what brand of tissues are on the desk ?
what product is fovari ?
what color are the tissues ?
what is the name of the store ?
what is the name on the storefront ?
what does the red word say ?
what does the shop with green sign say ?
what is the first shop in the on the right ?
what are the first two words of white text on the black sign ?
what does the text to the right of the shorter man read ?
what is the color of the boy's shirt ?
what kind of shop is this ?
when was this photo taken ?
what is the name of the company on the building with the mural ?
what street is this ?
what does c & c specialize in ?
what words are in red and orange lettering in the lower portion of the image ?
what brand name is displayed on the pillar in the center ?
what number is on the front of the bus ?
where is the bus going ?
what name is on the side of the bus ?
who commissioned the bench painting ?
how many kilometres has this vehicle done in total ?
what model of car is this an image of ?
what are the numbers listed on the top left of the photo on a box ?
what word is the red text on the side of the building ?
what are the letters in the chinese restuarant billboard ?
what jersey number is on the man pitching ?
what word is on the yellow sign ?
what is the date of the image ?
what is the address given in bus
what airline is this ?
what letters are on the tail of the plane ?
what is the brand name shown in red ?
who is the manufacturer of the motorcycle ?
what country is on the side of the space shuttle ?
what is the name of the movie being advertised on the bus ?
what watermark is in the top left of the image
who is this advertizement for ?
what bank is the lady in front of ?
what is the brand of the bands holding the skis together ?
what aisle are the facial care products in ?
what aisle are the cosmetics in ?
what is written on digital board at inside the ground ?
what is the url in the red sign on the front wall ?
what is the name of the brow salon ?
what number is on the box ?
what is the number of first bus ?
what is the number written in number plate ?
what brand is the microvawe ?
what time does the microwave show ?
what word is listed on the side of the ship ?
who's photo is this ?
what does the barricade behind the tennis player say ?
what is the numer listed on the mans vest ?
what is the label on the bus ?
what is written on the top of the logo for all crates ?
what is the name in the photo ?
what word begins with a ?
this business offers what types of therapy ?
what number is on the front of the train ?
who holds the copyright on this picture ?
what does the top street sign say ?
what does it say under the right stop light ?
what is the name of the product ?
what color is the bottle ?
what does the top of the bottle say ?
what vehicle is depicted in the photo ?
what type of bus is in the mirror ?
which avenue intersects with mcnamee st in the picture ?
what is the exit
what platform is the train arriving at ?
what time is it in hours:minutes
what time is on the watch ?
what is the zip code of the food truck's address ?
what is the p.o. box number of the truck's address ?
what is the street ?
what is the nubmer above the door ?
when is it going to get interesting ?
what is step 3 ?
what number is on the signs ?
what does each sign sign say ?
what is written on orange tag
where is this bear being sold ?
who publishes the wii game ?
what country name is printed on the motorcycle wheel ?
what flavor of mustard is this ?
what is the name of the company ?
what is the number on the locomotive ?
what does the sign say ?
what word is written in this picture ?
what is the name of the restaurant in the sign ?
which meal is being advertised as being served right now ?
what does the word at the top of the round sign say ?
who may open the cupboard ?
what type of material is behind the cabinet door ?
what does the watermark say ?
what is written on the bus ?
what do all these signs say ?
what brand is the calculator ?
what is the company name on the box on the floor ?
what is the brand name is on the t-shirt ?
what letter is on the side of the girl's goggles ?
what word appears directly under the word bloodborne on the small white case ?
what is the first line of text that appears next to the cross on the large white case ?
what is the last line of text that appears next to the cross on the large white case ?
what does the bottom sign say ?
what brand name clothing store is on display ?
type the full name on the sign
what is on the surfboard ?
what is the name of mouse
what is the name of the website
what organization does this building belong to ?
what is the brand of the bike ?
what is written in front of the store ?
which apples cost 5$ ?
what is the photo tag ?
who is the judge ?
what is the shop name shown
what is the trains number ?
what word is written on the train engine ?
what is written on the ship ?
what does the traffic sign say ?
what does the street sign say ?
what color is her headband ?
what color is her hair ?
what sport is being played ?
what type of food is listed in the photo ?
what is the name of the brand of the white socks ?
what is the name of the company that uses this office breakroom ?
what does the sign say ?
where can this bus travel ?
what is the bus ?
what is the website you can go to look at this picture ?
when was the copyright date ?
what brand is this ?
what number is listed on the front of the locomotive ?
what car is positioned in the front and center of the photo ?
what is written on the type writer ?
what is the name of the sporting event ?
when and where did this event take place ?
what device is the left manual for ?
what device is the right manual for ?
what is the number on the back of the fire truck ?
what are the alphabets seen in the image ?
what is the text on the elephants head ?
what are the questions in the image related to ?
what is the first question ?
what school is playing tennis ?
what are the first two words graffitied on the ramp
what kind of pillow is mentioned ?
what is the name of this sports team ?
what does this players jersey say ?
what is this players identifying number ?
what is the name of the shop in the background ?
what is the number on the player shirt
where is the straight arrow taking you ?
what direction is wasatch natl forest ?
what business route is the sign showing ?
what  does the sign tell us ?
how many people are there ?
how many shades are there ?
which number is on the blue sign to the right ?
what does the side of the car say ?
what items showed in banner ?
what is written on the front of the white van ?
what type of sign is pictured ?
how much does the product weigh ?
what is shown in the bord ?
what is the model number of the scooter ?
how much does the xb-502 cost ?
what company makes the xb-502
what is the name of the book on the far left ?
what kind of business is the startup book targeting ?
how long is parking allowed ?
what is the number on the front of the train ?
what number is on the bus ?
what state is listed in the picture ?
what state is this in ?
what is the kid's name ?
what school is this ?
what is the brand name ?
what year is the wine ?
where is the wine from ?
what does the bag on the top right counter say ?
what street sign is pictured ?
what fuel station company is pictured ?
what word is written on the brick building ?
what number is written on the yellow train ?
what is written on the side of gray building ?
in what year was this picture taken ?
how far is steiner ?
what is the name of the plane listed on the tail ?
what are the directions written on the bottom ?
what is the brand written in cursive ?
what ingredient is listed ?
what is written in white ?
what is written in red ?
what is written in yellow ?
what is written on top of the sign ?
what is written on the bottom of the sign ?
who holds the copyright for this image ?
what word is written on the brown box ?
where did the betfred horse came from ?
what is the name of the store on the right ?
what holiday is being advertised ?
what does the front of the bus say ?
what is the route number of this tram ?
where does this tram go ?
what is this trams destination ?
what is the name of the pub ?
who was the picture taken by ?
what is the name of this building ?
what flavor are the pretzel pieces ?
who's work is this ?
does this photographer have a website ?
what letter is seen in the top right corner ?
what brand is on the shin guard of this player ?
which company advertise on this baseball game ?
what is written on the board ?
what is written on the board below ?
who owns this boat ?
where would you give to obtain cheap goods in an open air environment ?
what brand name can be seen on the box in the glass case ?
what word is printed in green text ?
what word is printed in red text ?
what word is printed on the # key ?
what is the name of plate
what is the company name
what word starts with a b ?
what does the orange sign say ?
what type of intersection is shown in the photo ?
what is written in white letters on the back window of the car ?
what is the email address on this picture ?
who owns the copyright to this photo ?
what is the email in the water mark ?
what are the letters on the drill ?
what color are the letters ?
are the letters typed or written ?
what number is on the boat ?
what is the name of the street ?
where can u see the name of the place ?
what does the red sign say ?
what shop is pictured ?
what is on the top of the picture ?
what type of machine is this ?
when can you get cash ?
what percent satisfaction does the company guarantee ?
what is the recommended serving size ?
what is the white letter on the train ?
what website is the photo on ?
what is lothar's last name ?
is the shop open or closed ?
what is the name on the plane ?
what is the number written on the photo ?
what city is written on this photo ?
what is written in the front of the skier's t-shirt ?
where is this motorcycle registered at ?
what is written in green lettering on the charging station sign ?
what year is on pooh bear's foot ?
what kind of state is this cooked from ?
what is the website listed ?
what is the barcode number ?
word starts wirh b in blue background
what does the sticker on the mans red helmet say ?
what is the number on the helmet ?
what is the written that  airplane ?
what brand is printed on the lid of the jar ?
what game is this ?
what does it say in the most prominent writing ?
what word is in bold on the blue sign on the fence ?
what restaurant is in the background ?
what is the license number for the motorcycle ?
what is the tunnel speed limit ?
what is written under power button ?
what is written in blue color ?
what city is labeled on the yellow boat ?
what is the yellow boat being classified as ?
which store is in the background
what is written on the blue building ?
what credit card company logo can you see on the wall ?
what is the name of the anthropomorphic vacuum cleaner ?
what is the number of the motorcycle ?
what does the building sign say ?
what is this a packet of ?
how much vitamin c is in a serving ?
what is the first word on the overhead directional sign ?
what girl's name in on a storefront ?
what is written on the tail of the airplane ?
what phone number is on the red truck ?
what street does the sign indicate ?
what is in the foam cup ?
where is the gold class ?
what is on level three ?
what does the blue sign say ?
what does the black shirt say ?
what is the name of this game ?
what is the website for the food truck ?
what does the food truck sell ?
what location is the sign leading to ?
how far is the sign's target ?
what is the website name next to the copyright symbol ?
what amount of money is written at the top in the largest size ?
what is the website shown
what dollar amount is pictured in red ?
what is play email address ?
what is the number of this building ?
what company owns this buidling ?
what is this company ?
what country is listed on the baggage stickers ?
what is the brand of the phone shown ?
what is the word in the parentheses ?
what is the name on the  mobile stairs ?
where is the game located ?
who's restaurant is it ?
what meat does the sign reference ?
what is the name on the photo ?
what is the brand on the cola can
where must the power button be set to for the modem
what is on the plastic ?
what is written in the grass ?
what text is on the top of the green sign ?
what is the web address on the ruler ?
how many centimeters are on the ruler ?
what is the word on this golf ball ?
what is the number on this golf ball ?
what car company is sponsored at this tennis match ?
what does the skateboard say ?
what are the name are the bottom of the page ?
what are the words behind the ref ?
what does the bottom right hand corner of the blue wall say ?
what does the left side of the wall say, inside the logo ?
what are the letters on the side of the plane ?
what brand of phone is displayed below the screen ?
what is the name of cafe in the picture ?
what is the fully visible store name in the distance ?
what is on the sign in the back ?
who's berries ?
what are the letters in green on the sign ?
what is the name on the computer monitor ?
what is the sign of board reference ?
what is the address given
what is the license plate of the white suv ?
what is the license plate of the suv driving toward the giraffe ?
what termperature is the oven set to ?
what is the name on the bottom ?
what number is on the player that is farthest from the trophy ?
what number is on the skier  ?
what number does the man have ?
what is the license plat number of the yellow double decker bus ?
what does number is on the plane ?
what is the lettering on the ski jump ?
what website is written there
who took the picture ?
what is the licence number of the car the woman is riding past ?
who made the car the woman is riding past ?
who made the bicycle the woman is riding ?
what is the first word of the title of the page ?
what is the second word of the title of the page ?
what breed of dog is shown ?
who are the breeders ?
which exit do you take for the brooklyn bridge ?
what company makes this machine ?
what year was this photo taken ?
what is the first letter of the only word on the surfer's chest ?
what is the route number of the red bus ?
how many cents does each vegetable cost ?
what does the colorful sign say ?
what does the sign say ?
what location is straight ahead ?
what location is to the left ?
what is the first word written on the bench ?
what is the time stamp on the picture ?
what is the date shown in the picture ?
what is the website name shown in the picture ?
what is the name of the brand written in two places on the red banner ?
what is the number of the batter ?
what is the first blue word on the building ?
what number is in the front of the train ?
how many people are in the photo ?
what color is the man's backpack ?
what is the building number ?
what is the name of the store ?
what year is under the hormel logo ?
what are the two letters under the hormel logo ?
what is the train number ?
what letters can i observe ?
what number is the yellow train ?
what  fruit is been sold
how much is it been sold for
what does the signboard say
what is the airline name on the plane ?
what broadcaster is advertised in the top left corner ?
what street is the motorcycle parked on ?
what is the train id number ?
what is the name on the road sign ?
what is the number on the locomotivelocomotive ?
from where is this ocean rescue truck ?
what is the make of the vehicle ?
what is the name of the restaurant with the round sign ?
what is the name of the cafeteria in the rectangular sign ?
what time is it ?
what is on the blue sign?"
what number is farthest to the right ?
what is the artist's name on the left most item ?
what phrase is on the candle holder ?
what is written on the side of the of the airplane ?
what channel is this screenshot taken from ?
what is said next to the logo in the bottom left of the screen ?
what is the boat's name ?
what number is the far right kid ?
when was the picture taken ?
where was the picture taken ?
what is the first word on the picture ?
what letters are on the blue helmet ?
what number is on the black jersey ?
what license plate of the bus ?
what are the big words on the sign to the left of the red and yellow omni sign ?
what is this players number ?
what baseball team does this person play for ?
what is the package labeled ?
how many stars can you see on the floor ?
what color are the stars on the floor ?
the sign says "don't..."
how much is the penalty ?
what branch of the army does this plane belong to ?
what is the sign refer
what he hold in hand
what does the carton box say in big letters ?
what is the first name of the ship ?
what is the brand of this appliance ?
what brand is spray painted in the bottom left corner ?
what brand is spray painted three time in the image ?
which department was the black bag bought from ?
what is the bus's license plate number ?
what is written in the top window of the bus ?
what is the website on the bus ?
what is written on the green, hanging sign ?
what is the word on the body of the plane ?
what is the word on the body of the wing
what is the name on the phone below the camera ?
how many feet does the fire truck need u to keep back ?
what brand is he wearing ?
what is written behind him ?
what is written on the sign ?
what sign are the people under ?
what does the sign say ?
what is the name of the store  ?
what are written on whiteboarts ?
what brand is displayed on the screens ?
what street name is on the blue sign ?
what company is the truck from ?
what is written on the bench below the alligator ?
what's the email server ?
what is the jersey number of the man with the white gloves ?
what us state is on the airplane ?
what is the name of the building ?
what is the phone number of the sign on the door ?
what does the first a on the sign stand for ?
what is the first word in the picture ?
how many zebras are in the image
what year was image taken
who took the picture
what type of music is mentioned on the back of the guitarist's music sheet ?
what company took this photo ?
what does the word in green say ?
what does the word in pink say ?
what does the word in blue say ?
what is the name of the building ?
what color is the nokia sign ?
where does the first option take you ?
where does the second option take you ?
what is the number written on the side of the first car ?
what is printed in the white sign on the building ?
what is the street name mentioned ?
what is written on the arrow mark ?
who is the photographer of the image ?
what is the word written on the planes ?
what is the number written on the yellow board ?
what is the number written on the red board ?
what numbers are on the hanging sign ?
what kind of sign is shown ?
what is present in this area ?
what is the danger of inhaling the dust ?
what is the name of the business ?
what does the watermark in the bottom left corner say ?
what kind of vegetable is inside the tin ?
what percentage is natural ?
what street are they on ?
what year is mention in the wall ?
who is the owner of the fence company ?
what type of market is it ?
what is written on aircraft ?
is it daytime or night ?
what is the woman doing ?
where is this horse and buggy located
what is the number on the horse and buggy cart
what letters are on the side of the blue plane ?
which is the number of the leading horse  ?
what is written on the front of the bus ?
what is written between the headlights of the tow vehicle ?
what number is la roche ?
the player's name is la what ?
what is the website ending ?
what does it say under the clock ?
what kind of tea is this ?
what brand is this product ?
what is the plate number ?
what is name of the car ?
what is this aircraft's license plate ?
what is the name printed on the newspaper dispenser behind the bear ?
what brand is listed at the bottom of the speaker ?
what word appears at the top of the sign ?
what word appears at the bottom of the sign ?
what does the sign say ?
what is the packaged food ?
how much does each package cost ?
what is the sale special called ?
what is the name of the airline ?
which airline flies the plane ?
what do you call the person hitting the ball ?
what game are they playing ?
who is the guy behind the batter squatting ?
what company is this bottle from ?
what town in north carolina is the casper co., in ?
what is the boat's name ?
where are you forbidden to park ?
what business is on the t-shirt ?
what is the name of the store in the center of the image ?
what does the building say ?
what is the name of the airways ?
what is the word in red on the top right ?
what brand is the bike ?
what is the brand of train ?
what is written largest in white ?
which blvd is written ?
what does the flag say above the drummer's head ?
what is the last number given ?
what is the price of a chili dog ?
what is the price of a spicy chili dog ?
what is the name of the restaurant ?
where is this sign located ?
what type of sandwich do they sell ?
what is the name of the park
what word is in the picture ?
what is written on the red board in the background
what is the name of the airline ?
what is written on the road sign ?
what is the make printed on the label of the bottle containing the blue liquid ?
what is the make printed on the label on the centre bottle ?
what coffee shop is shown in the picture ?
what website is listed at the bottom of the image ?
what number is listed next to the website at the bottom of the image ?
what is the brand name of the pie ?
how many ounces does the pie weigh ?
how many grams does the pie weigh ?
what is the name of the shop on the righthand side ?
what type of business is the brick store on the lefthand side ?
what is the bus sign displaying ?
what number is written on the front of the train ?
is 'the fellsman' or 'the queensman' the name of the train ?
what computer company is featured in this picture ?
what is the bus number ?
what words can you read in the upper left hand corner of the bulletin board ?
what is the abbreviation for miles per hour ?
how fast is the car going ?
what is the name written on the cake ?
what number is on the side of the boat ?
what is the biggest word on the window ?
what is the destination station of the tram ?
what is the color of t-shirt worn by the person ?
what is written on the t-shirt ?
with how many hands, the person is holding the object ?
what sport is being played here ?
how is the car powered ?
what brand of product is the box from ?
what is the bus number ?
where is the bus headed ?
what is the bus' license plate ?
what direction is spelled out ?
what is the second letter in the lower left corner ?
what is the tag number of the bike ?
what color is the traffic light ?
what is the airline ?
what word is written before "d'light" ?
what is the word after white ?
which bus company is this ?
what type of wisdom is in this book ?
what is this bus ?
where is the yellow bus going to ?
what is the license plate of the blue bus ?
what does the sign say ?
what three letters are painted on the front of the bus ?
what is written on opened packet ?
what is the maximum nuber of hours that can be added to this meter ?
what does the red and white sign say ?
what word is on the white sign ?
what is the name on the building ?
what is the color of this bus ?
what does the it read at the top front of the bus ?
what is written on the screen ?
which beverage is advertised on the shop banner of this image ?
how many pylones (cones) are in the photo ?
what is the airline called ?
what is the four-letter word on the red sign ?
what is the first word on the yellow sign ?
what is the last word on the yellow sign ?
what is the middle word on the yellow sign ?
what is the black text on the left say ?
what word is written ?
what word is on the gas tank ?
what is the name of the boat ?
what is the board number ?
what are the green numbers ?
what year was the photo taken ?
what does the blue sign say ?
what does the sign on the train say ?
what is the brand on the fencing ?
what movie place is listed on the clock ?
where are the numbers on the clock ?
what is printed on the clock ?
what sign is in the window of the shop on the left ?
who wrote this book ?
what type of book is it ?
what day of the week is the celebration dinner being held ?
how many members does this society have ?
what does the sign say ?
what does the sign say ?
what is stan's last name ?
what is the web address that is given ?
what is the number of the train
what is the destination of the train ?
what is written on the sign in the image ?
what does the large red street sign read ?
what type of street is the black street sign indicating ?
what kind of street sign is below the stop sign ?
what is the name of the store with the black and white logo ?
what is the company name indicated by the blue sign ?
what three letters can be seen inside of the top shoe ?
what is the letter on the red tail of the top plane ?
what is the girls' name in the photo on the left ?
what is the name of the store behind the man and woman ?
what is the number on the top front of the bus ?
what is the name of the business
which institution is listed on the sign ?
what is written on the flipside of the bottle cap ?
what on the front of the bus ?
what does the rudder of the airplane say ?
what is the phrase on the airplane that has three stripes on both sides of it ?
what is the word on the right just below the number pad ?
what is the brand that is printed on the yellow sign behind the cameramen ?
what does the top sign say ?
what is the name of this cafe ?
what is written on the board next to the motorcycle ?
what date is written on the photo ?
what number is on the red rebate sign
what is the name displayed over the skiier's number ?
what color is the building
what does the writing on the window say
what is the number on the side of the plane ?
what is the name of the plane ?
what is the large 5 letter word to the right of the player in red ?
what is the website to the right of the red player's knee ?
which letter is in a square to the left of the blue player ?
what is written in blue on the t-shirt ?
what is written in red on the t-shirt ?
what is the brand name of the toothpaste ?
what did goggie steal ?
who will pay ?
what color is the bra ?
what is the name of the bra's brand ?
how many women are in the image ?
what is written on the store awning ?
which number is on picture ?
what do the big words on the blue/beige poster say ?
what does the black/red poster of a woman say ?
what is the yellow lettering on the locomotive ?
where are most movies produced in the usa ?
what is the most known sign in los angeles ?
where are there more shops ?
what color is the forest ?
what is the red street sign instructing you to do ?
what street is that ?
what does the black oval sign say ?
what year was this picture taken ?
where would you be going if you went to the right ?
what is the destination of the bus  ?
what color is the train in the foreground ?
what color is the train in the background ?
hoew many ml is the beaker ?
what is written under 500 ml ?
what is the game ?
what road signs are ther
what cost of the promotion listed on the left of the photograph ?
what is the cost of the promotion listed in the middle of the photograph ?
how many ounces (oz.) are the drinks that qualify for both promotions ?
what name is written under the driver's window ?
why should a person stop ?
what should a person do when they stop ?
what is the round fruit on the table called ?
what brand of hand blender is in the picture ?
what is the company name written on the side of the vehicle ?
which company has dogs jump into pools for sport ?
what name is visible on the side of the train ?
what is the slogan of the company's products shown ?
what is the last word on the building sign ?
what does the bottom row on the building read ?
what does the first word of the bottom row say  ?
what in the name of the street on the bottom sign ?
what number is on the top sign ?
what name is present in flex board
what is the word at the top of the clock ?
what is the street name displayed ?
including the graffiti, what words are displayed on the red octagonal sign ?
what is the number which represente this train ?
when was this photo taken ?
what does the paper bag contain ?
what is the name of the website where you can get a calender ?
for what year is the calender ?
what is the price for the package of muffins ?
which is the game ?
what is writing in the wall of tennis court ?
what is the word on the bottom right ?
what is printed in red on the wall ?
how do you say "wood" in french ?
what is the name of the store on the left side ?
what is the plane's name ?
what is blue var number ?
what is the girls name that is written in the top right hand corner, who also was a character in the film frozen ?
what is the word printed in the image ?
what text is visible on the television ?
who has copyrighted this image ?
what does the sign above the bed say ?
what is the sign board instruction ?
what is the number written on the bike ?
what year is written on the bottom of the image ?
what number is written on the biker's helmet ?
what is written on the white stand inside the boat with a yellow top ?
what is the white text on the black can ?
what is written on the left door ?
what is written on the right door ?
what number is the player in yellow ?
what is the name of the player in yellow ?
where was this picture taken ?
what is the word on the red traffic sign ?
which tennis player is pictured ?
what is the brand of the sock ?
what year did this race take place ?
what is the number on the motorcycle ?
what name is on the front of the bike ?
what is printed on the blue jersey ?
what is written on the placard behind the bench ?
what does the building say ?
what day was this picture taken ?
what sport are they playing ?
what road is listed on sign
what is the company name of the diesel ?
what is the name of the comic on the top of the page ?
what letters are printed on the black sign ?
what letters are printed on the white sign ?
what does the red octogonal sign imply ?
how many railway tracks does the sign announce ?
what is the number on the t-shirt
what is the name of the road ?
what is the name on the street ?
who is the photographer of the image ?
what website is displayed ?
what website is listed at the bottom of the photo ?
what are the 2 men riding
what is on the top line of text on the computer slide ?
what is the author name on the book titled "presentation" ?
where might someone grab a bite to eat on this street ?
what does the sign say ?
how many calories are in 1 serving of this yogurt ?
how many servings are in this container ?
how many grams of fat are in this yogurt ?
when was this photo taken ?
what company owns the plane ?
what is louis's middle initial ?
what type of beverage name is listed on the umbrella ?
what word is near the roof of the semi truck ?
what is the number on the front of the train ?
what three letter brand is written on the black panels ?
what is the number on the train
what word is on the red octagon ?
what award is the dog receiving ?
what are the numbers displayed on the bus screen ?
what is the bus number ?
what year was this picture taking ?
what is the brand name of the "vegetable tempuraw" ?
what is the name of game they play ?
what type of currency is being used
what does the black sign say ?
what's flight name ?
what is the label refer in cup
who is the site services team leader ?
what number is under the red wagon sign ?
what numbers can you see in the red section on the front of the train ?
what are the first three letters to the right of the orange sign ?
what is the number on the bus windshield ?
what is the company name on the side of the truck ?
what is the letter on the sign in front of the truck ?
what type of skateboard does the boys shirt say
what does the sign above the door say
what product is in the bag ?
where is the yellow bus going ?
what is listed above hard drive ?
what is listed below tape drive
what does the sign say ?
what kind of product is it ?
what is the name on the blue label ?
who is the teddy bear being sent to ?
what is the brand of the skis she is holding ?
what is the last 3 numbers ?
what is written horizontally on the side of the closest building ?
what is the name of the street ?
what is the red sign directing you to do ?
what newspaper is this ?
how many people are on the motorcycle ?
how many players are in the field ?
how many players are standing and watching ?
what event is this ?
what are they racing in ?
what  brand of prepaid cards are being sold ?
how many men are in the picture ?
how many machines are in the picture ?
how many men ?
how many machines ?
what is the name of the store building in the back ?
which kind of cooking instructions are shown on the box ?
this equipment is for what sport ?
where is the library located ?
what is the word on the booth in the picture ?
what is the batter's jersey number ?
what is the number shown on the umpire's sleeve ?
what kind of animal is in this picture ?
what is the price of the product on special offer highlighted in orange ?
what is written on the backside of the red vehicle ?
what is the command on the red road sign ?
what is hanging fron the corner ?
what is written on footer
what is the license plate of the truck ?
what is the name of this vessel ?
what is the name of the store ?
what is the phone number for zandink ?
what year was this picture taken ?
which photographer shot this photograph ?
what is the name on the side of the tallest building ?
what is not permitted outside this location's gates ?
where is this location based ?
who is this building for ?
what is the white colored word on the bib ?
what is the name of the sailboat ?
what is written in pick letters on the side of the boat ?
what does the logo on the sailboat say ?
what is the name of the sail boat ?
in what country is thsi bank located ?
what does it say on the red t-shirt ?
what is the name of the advertised restaurant ?
what is the brand ?
what movie theater is mentioned ?
what are the first three letters of the title of the white book ?
what is being sold at this business ?
what is the first name of the business owner ?
what is the last name of the business owner ?
what does the white arrow direct to ?
what is the advertisement on the fence for ?
what is the company name printed on front of the train ?
what are the letters on the yellow surfboard ?
what word is before pots ?
what follows bahnhof ?
what is the name of the buses
what is to the left ?
what is to the right ?
how many degrees written in the board ?
what kind of food is being advertised ?
what is the name of the company with the red sign ?
what word is to the left of "carolina" ?
what brand is the white riderless snowboard ?
what brand are the goggles of the nearest snowboarder ?
how many times the word fotolia written ?
how many cups of raisins are in this container ?
when did the company sun maid come into existence ?
where do the raisins come from ?
what is the word immediately after the word 'law' ?
what kind of tablets are in the bottle ?
what is the number circled in pen ?
what is the name of the website on the red banner ?
what type of vehicle is the blue truck ?
what brand is the blue car ?
what name of the food ?
what is name of pizza ?
what is the brand of the monitor
what is the name of the website ?
what is the number on the plane ?
what does the bottom sign read ?
what brand name is on the display case ?
what is on display in the case ?
what is the name of the intersection ?
who owns this building ?
what is the number on the building
what is the title of the pool ?
what is the name of the street ?
what does the text right of "pascal" say ?
what does the red shirt say
what restaurant is this
how long are they open
what does it say in the center of the clock ?
what is the name of jet ?
what number is behind the baseball player ?
what is the first work on the center illuminated sign ?
what are the 3 letters on the white horse's tag ?
which aircraft manufacturer company has build this airplane ?
which model of boeing is this airplane ?
what is the number on the batters jersey ?
which block of augusta av. is this ?
whats the name of the store front ?
how many dogs are in this picture ?
what color is the man's shirt ?
how much do all three pieces of jewelry cost ?
what web address appears on the sign ?
what is written in the mans blue shirt  ?
what is the brand of the laptop on the right ?
which way is the girl looking ?
what does the travel slogan say ?
what is the name of the nearby shopping center ?
which state are you currently in ?
what can you find at smokey's ?
what is the last two digits number in the board ?
what is written on the store board ?
what is written in white on the red octagon sign ?
what does the red shirt say ?
what does the sign say in red ?
what is the first word in blue on the top of the boat ?
what is the name of the area pictured ?
what are the words in red ?
what is the brand on blue box ?
what is written on the front of the table
how many people are clearly visible in the picture ?
what is the name of the court ?
how many grams is in a serving size ?
how many servings are in the container ?
what number is on the blue shirt ?
what does the sign have written  ?
what is the website on the green box ?
what does the black lettering on the bottom of the yellow box say ?
what is the letter on the sign on the pole next to the blue bench ?
what year is the product from ?
what is the company of the bus ?
what famous coffee shop is the coffee in the image from ?
what kind of food is it
what is the name of the store in the left lower corner
what store is the bus parked in front of
what is the name of the store in the middle left area of the image
what is the name displayed on the board ?
what is the last name of the author ?
what the company name written on the wagon ?
what is the name of the explosives brand of the middle box ?
what year was the picture taken
which words are legible on the child's shirt ?
what is the name of the boat ?
what is the brand of the airline ?
what is written on the side of the vehicle ?
what is written on the back of the person with their hands up ?
what is the bus's late no. ?
what is displayed on the bus ?
what does the red sign say ?
where is the train going ?
what is written on the left ?
what is written on the right ?
what is the word written on the side of the bus in gold ?
what name is on the glass ?
what is written in front of the glass ?
what color is the business sign on the building ?
what is the number on the poster by the cow on the right's head ?
what is the digital number at the top left of the bus ?
what brand promises to reverse aging ?
what brand is the laptop ?
who is fatso's feeding ?
what is the name at the top of the clock ?
what is the word before "station" on the sign ?
what kind of station is this ?
what is the name of this beverage ?
what is the number written on yellow t-shirt
what does the orange and red sign read ?
what is the name for this subway's station ?
what name is on the front of the truck ?
who was the photographer ?
what is colour isof the t-shirt ?
what two letter abbreviation appears at the beginning of the top sign ?
what abbreviation appears at the end of the lower road sign ?
what is the name of the fire station ?
what number is on the jersey ?
what is the name of this store ?
what does this store sell ?
what is on the red sign ?
what is the drug that has a red background tag
what is the capacity of the transparent bottle
what is the street name ?
is this n or s gay st ?
what phrase is written across the little boy's jacket ?
what tool is the doctor using on the little boy ?
what is the first boat called  ?
what is all the way to the left in green ?
what type of business is pictured ?
what is the name of the busines ?
what is written on the street sign ?
what number is on the jersey ?
what is the photographer's name that took this picture ?
what year was this picture taken ?
who took this photo ?
what brand of yogurt is this ?
what network can you watch mlb on ?
what is in the canister on the far right ?
what movie is the man watching ?
what color is the animal ?
the sign prohibts what type of games ?
what word is on the man's shirt on the computer screen ?
what is the drink on the bottom left ?
what do the words inside the red circle sign say ?
what do the words in the white arrow sign say ?
what is the brand name of this product ?
what does the sign say ?
what is sign of board reference
what is the sign telling you to do ?
what color is the text on the sign ?
what other color is on the sign ?
what business sign is clearly visible ?
what is the bus route number ?
where is the bus going ?
what does the bus say on the sign ?
what instruction is written on this sign ?
what is the name of the street ?
what does it say on the cup that is wedged between the meters ?
what is the time limit and acceptable parking times, according to these two parking meters ?
what kind of beer is in the refridgerator ?
what number is the zamperl player on the left ?
what number is the zamperl player on the right ?
what is on the license plate of the bus ?
what number is toward the middle of the front of the bus ?
what is the license plate number ?
what time is the bus leaving ?
what is the street food car selling
what is the name of the building with the yellow sign ?
what does it say on the back of the man's green jacket ?
what is the name of the bus written right on it ?
what is the bus destination listed as ?
what name is on the advertisement in the upper left ?
what is the name of the camera being advertised on the middle yellow sign ?
what camera name is above the 7000 ?
what does the pink writing in the blue background say ?
what is written on the sign board ?
what does the sign say with the tree leaf on it ?
what number is the needle pointing to ?
what are some items sold by this shop ?
what is the name of the shop in the photo ?
where are some of this shop's products from ?
which direction are the vehicles turning ?
who should beware ?
what is the name of the restaurant straight ahead ?
what is written in yellow in the heart ?
what is the website listed on the sign ?
what type of challenge is this ?
what number is on his shirt ?
how often should you read ?
what is written on the trailer ?
who does the dog work with ?
who does the man work with ?
what facility is this ?
what does the red sign say ?
what number racer is wearing a blue jacket ?
what does or did this package contain ?
where is this tea company based ?
what is the minimum time you should soak your foot before exposing a wart ?
after using this product, how long does it take for a wart to fall off ?
what two words are connected by a dash ?
who operates this bus ?
what two words are written under hop on ?
what is written on the water jug ?
what is the brand of the red double decker bus ?
what is the route number for the bus ?
what is the destination of this bus ?
what's the road sign says  ?
how many ways  ?
what does the logo on the vehicle say ?
what does the license plate say ?
a card can be used for credit or ?
what color is the shirt with the red lettering
what are the numbers in red color
where is the tool made ?
what is the name of the photgrapher
what is the name of the company
what is the name of the bus ?
what does the bottom line on the sign say ?
what room is this ?
what color is the wall tile ?
what color is the floor tile ?
does the restaurant on the top level serve breakfast, lunch, or dinner ?
what is the name of the brand displayed on the athelete's shirt ?
what number is on the sign ?
what brand is the tv ?
what year did lewis pipe & tobacco open ?
what is shop name mentioned on the image ?
what is year mentioned on the shop name board ?
what kind of shop it is ?
what is the brand of the paste ?
what kind of beer is being drank ?
what business is advertised on the blue fencing ?
what words are visible on the white fencing ?
what is written on the red sticker ?
what number is on the bottom left ?
how long is parking allowed ?
from what times are shown on the sign ?
what does the white sign read ?
what is the name of the shuttle bus company ?
what is the first word on the white sign ?
what website is the photo from ?
what is the word on the red sign ?
what is the first letter of the word on the red sign ?
what is the last letter of the word on the red sign ?
what is the hotel name ?
what is the white lettering on the toothbrush package ?
how many hands  do you see
what kind of water is in the bottle ?
what company made this phone ?
what time is it, according to this phone ?
what is the price on the yellow sign ?
what is written on the shirt
what is the name on the ship ?
is the  bus number is 822 ?
does hestwood glen appear on the bus ?
what is the number on the sign ?
which year is written on the clock tower ?
what numbers are onthe motorcycle ?
what numbers are on the bus ?
which company has the yellow and purple ad ?
how many dollars has the telethon raised ?
what does the sign say ?
what number is on the side of the carriage ?
who is just doing something ?
what does it say in large red print on the side of the bus ?
what is color of scooter
what is the year listed in red at the bottom ?
what type of vehicle is this charging station for ?
what brand of mustard is in the picture ?
what is the name of place
what is the designer of this bag ?
what does the yellow sign say ?
what letter is on the green sign ?
what year is the copyright for this image ?
what i the name printed on the corner of the image ?
which part of town is written on the blue sign ?
which direction is 110 in ?
what is the name of the cassette deck ?
what branch of the military are these men serve ?
what does the sign say ?
what is written on the back of the man's shirt ?
what is the license plate number on the motorcycle ?
how many cinnamon sticks are in the picture ?
how many visible mugs are in the picture ?
what packaged ingredient is shown in the picture.
what is the name of the pizza shop ?
what is the name of plane
what is the number on it
what is the name of the motel ?
what number is under the word france ?
what does the sign under the chair say ?
how long are the regular sandwiches ?
how long are the large sandwiches ?
how much is a regular prosciutto baguette ?
what is the man's name ?
what type of broadcast is this ?
what number is on the motorcycle ?
what type of train do you see ?
what words are shown on the white road sign ?
what are the letters on the train on the right ?
what does the red printing say ?
what does the closest red sign say ?
what track do you see ?
what is the website written at the bottom of the image ?
what brand of beer is in the picture ?
what is the name on the sign behind the cows head ?
what does the red sign say ?
what is the sign of board reference ?
what does it say on the white sign ?
what is the name of the toy robot ?
what is the number on the side of the bus ?
what is the top course offered ?
what is the name of the company ?
how are the donuts served ?
who is winning
what brand is the clock ?
how many calories from fat are in the sugar cookies ?
what is beind avertised ?
what movie is this ?
what is the word written on the red train ?
what is the letter number combination written on the red train ?
what is the first english word written on the sign ?
what is written in white on the train ?
what is the name of the building ?
what year is written in blue ?
what is the name on the board 21
what is the name on the board 83
what is this car used for
what is the number listed on the train ?
what is the white lettering on the photo ?
what text is written on phone booth ?
how many people are present in the telephone booth ?
how many cars do you see ?
what spf coverage is the sunscreen ?
how many fl oz is the bottle ?
who is the manufacturer of the radio ?
what innitials are listed on the left hand side of the seats ?
what is the name on the jersey ?
what is the number on the jersey ?
what type of meal is this ?
what region are the sausages from ?
what is the top story ?
what year was this photo taken ?
what is the name of the drink shown on the cup ?
what is the name show on the container of fries ?
what exercise is available in the school ?
what district is this area ?
what state is mentioned on the envelope ?
whats four letters are in the top-left box ?
what is the five digit zip code ?
what is written on the sign ?
what other airline is shown besides "westjet?"
what is the number written in front of this train ?
what is written on the advertsiing board ?
what type of fruit is in the bags ?
what brand is the royal dutch advocaat ?
what flavor is the cinzano ?
what date is on the cinzano label ?
what number does this train have listed on it ?
what is the name of the store with the orange sign ?
what brand is the black car ?
what model is the black car ?
what is the main sponsor of the black car ?
what is advertised on the clock ?
what is the tagline for philippe ?
what is the color of the train
what are the letters on the side of the train
what does the logo on the front of the shortest bus read ?
what brand is the water bottle ?
what is the expiration date ?
what slogan is on the water bottle ?
what brand is this bottle
who is allowed to play ?
what sport is it ?
what is the name of the store ?
what name does it say on the bottom left of the image ?
who does the pitcher play for ?
what is the brand of plane ?
where is this instrument made ?
what brand name is this instrument ?
where was the harmonica made ?
what word is on the right side of the case ?
how much discount is offered
how often is the discount offered
what bank is making the offer
what is the building called ?
what do you use to make tea ?
what word is written in green letters on the top shelf ?
what county is this fire department from ?
what is the name of the store ?
what does the red bus' license plate say ?
what brand are the machines ?
what brand are the slot machines ?
what year is printed at the bottom of the photo ?
sale for what
how much off is the sandals
what is the destination of this train ?
what is the name of the newspaper listed on the purple box ?
what track is shown on the left side of the picture ?
what is the airliner name for this white aircraft ?
what is the name of the airline on the advertisement ?
what is this vehicle ?
what is on the front of the train ?
what is the bus id number ?
what is present on the red board
what is the color of the street sign ?
what is the color of the suit of the surfer in the foreground ?
where could this product be purchased online ?
how many x's do you see.
which airline operates the plane in the background ?
what are the initials of the airline that operates the plane in the foreground ?
which airline operates the plane in the foreground ?
what number is shown in the background ?
what does it say in the bottom left ?
what is the first word shown on the medicine bottle ?
what word is shown below the word create ?
what town was this photo taken in ?
what kind of building are the trains parked at ?
what is the name of this animal ?
what is the license plate of the white bus
where is the bus going
what is written on the tennis ball ?
what company took the photo ?
what does the red sign say ?
what does the overhead sign say ?
what is the number of the train ?
what number is the catcher with his back turned ?
what number is on the lady in the pink tutu ?
what year was the advertised sale going on ?
what is the name of the store hosting the sale ?
what store did the brown bag come from ?
who  does the billboard want to bring home ?
what number is the bus ?
what does it say on this building ?
what are the words on the white sign, above the mirror ?
what should you not do around your computer ?
what color hat is she wearing ?
what is written on the picture
what does the octagon shaped sign say ?
what year do you see ?
what letter is written on the girl's hat ?
what are the last 4 letters on the girl's shirt ?
what is written on the girl's shirt ?
what does the sign on the wall read ?
what is the store on the left of the picture called ?
what floor was this picture taken on ?
what is written in the tent
what is the brand of the tent  ?
what words are red ?
what is the information on the sign ?
who can make turns ?
what is the name on the front of the train ?
who created this photo ?
what is the 12-digit upc code on the metal cylinder ?
what does this snack contain ?
what name is on the building ?
what number can be seen on the batter's shirt ?
what animal is shown in the image ?
what number given in bus
what is the sign of board reference
what is the name of the airline ?
what is written on its tail ?
how many women are here ?
what is the name of the olympian ?
what number is on the train car ?
what is written in back of the white bus
what are the letters painted in the bottom of this photo
what brand is the far monitor ?
what type of sign is the red sign ?
you must not park within how many feet ?
what does the sign behind the man on the phone say ?
what is the letter on the tennis racket ?
what is the brand of the scales below the clock ?
what is written on the front of the trein
what is the restaurant on the left ?
what time is sunday school ?
what number is displayed ?
where is the bus going ?
what is the team name on the jersey of the player in white ?
what does the picture say ?
what word is written on the back of the vehicle ?
on the right-most sign on the building, what is written ?
what are two letters in red on the building in the background ?
what is the first name on the bottom left of the photo ?
what is the second word on the bottom left of the photo ?
where is this sign ?
what is written on the bus ?
what is the number written on the bus ?
what is the website address for this advertisement ?
what flavor is the drink on the left ?
what is the license plate number ?
what's the time ?
what is the name of the grill with the two beer mugs as a logo ?
what playform is the train on ?
what word is on top of the sharpener ?
what size glove does the boy have ?
what material is the glove made of ?
what is the name of the boat ?
what is the brand name of the product shown in the photo ?
what is the number on the front of the bus ?
what company is this ?
during what time are you required to turn right at this light ?
what is the name of the caffe in th e background
which electrical instrument is shown in this picture ?
what is display in the left corner
what is the surname of the man on the left ?
what is celebrated ?
what number has been given to the blue car ?
what is the name of the blue car ?
what word is before "patrol" on the side of the car ?
what word is above the front tire on the car ?
what transportation company is this receipt from ?
what is the vehicle number ?
what words written below the headlight of the vehicle ?
what is the first word on the sign ?
what number is between 38 and 30 ?
what does it say in the purple tag ?
what does the sign as not to be forgotten ?
what is the word written in red ?
what city is on the sweatshirt ?
what name is written in the cake on the bottom left ?
what is written at the bottom of the mailbox ?
what is written in the blue area of the mailbox ?
what is the name of the first store to the right ?
which renowned painter's name is found on the banner above the road ?
what is the store name on the pencil pouch tag ?
how much is a pound of oranges ?
what is the brand of the cans on the right ?
what words are printed on the street sign ?
where are the words printed in white ?
which words start with "c" ?
what is the name of the airline
what does the text in the bottom right of the image read ?
what is the first word on the paper ?
what is the bus route number ?
what is the name of this shop/
where can i find this photo ?
what is the menu beginning time ?
what is the menu ending time ?
what street is this ?
what year is written on the yellow sign ?
is the pool crowded with people or is it empty ?
what month does the calendar on the wall show ?
what brand of cigarettes are on the desk ?
what type of crackers are pictured ?
what is the first word listed at the top of the card ?
what word is written underneath each blue and red sign ?
what was written in the stop sign ?
what sport is being played in the picture ?
what is the name in the bottom right corner of the image ?
how many chairs are in this photo ?
what the prominent text in the title of the blue magazine ?
what are the high spf parameters ?
what is written on the front of the motorcycles ?
what is the first word of the white sign ?
what clothing brand name is written on the bench ?
what is the company for the big white airplane ?
who must wash their hands ?
what color is the signs ?
what is the name of the street ?
what is the name written in the wall ?
what is the name of the boat ?
what does the main body of the airplane say ?
what brand is the bag ?
what two words are on the clock ?
what does the white pad say ?
what is the number in the 3 arrows ?
what are the numbers below pete ?
what kind of apple juice is being sold ?
what is the brand of the drink on the right in yellow ?
who is being wished a happy birthday ?
what is the top name which is rainbow ?
the blue magnet says "love people more than" what ?
what is the watermark at the bottom of the picture ?
what text is on the top of the machine body
what text is at the bottom of the machine
what name is on the skiier's outfit ?
who took this picture ?
what is the name of the photographer of this picture ?
what does debbie aird do for a living ?
what website is the picture from ?
how far away is the grupo nohoch mul pyramid ?
what attraction is straight ahead 1 km ?
what is the vehicle's register number ?
what is written on the bottom left ?
what company produces the pinto beans ?
what is the street called
what is written at the very bottom of the sign ?
what is the sign of her t-shrt reference ?
what is the posted speed limit ?
what is the number on the yellow sign ?
what is the name of the parking lot ?
on what avenue is the parking lot located ?
what is the number on the player with the green vest ?
what year was this photo taken ?
the van sells what ?
what is the name of the shop with the green sign ?
what district does peter st belong to ?
what is the last number written on the train ?
what is the meaning of this symbol ?
what is the percent of the reduced fat milk ?
what is the choice that this milk is ?
what word is red ?
what brand is listed on the plane ?
what operating system is this computer using ?
what is the last three digits of the registration plate ?
what must you do here ?
what kind of sign is this
why must you stop ?
what is the number on the front of this train ?
what does the water bottle say ?
from which brand is the green tube ?
what is the brand of cheese ?
what type of cheese is in the container ?
what's the name of the shop ?
what coffee chain is advertised ?
what does the sign ask people to do ?
how often is it in use ?
who put up the sign ?
what is the brand name written on the mixi
which store ?
what kind of salt will be used on the hot dog ?
what is the number shown on the front of the train ?
what word is on the gas pump in gray print ?
what color is the largest dress ?
what number is on the green sign that says st ?
what is written on the green sign ?
geeks are on call to do what ?
what is the man supposed to put down ?
what is the person supposed to step away from ?
what photographer took this photo ?
what year is listed on the wall ?
what kind of building is this ?
what comes after "this pose is just a"
what is the destination of bus 521 ?
what is the number of the bus going to london bridge ?
how many horses are in the image ?
what number is on the bike ?
who owns the copyright for this photo ?
what is the first word used ?
what is the last word used ?
what does the sign say is the best battery ?
what number is written on the bottom right side of the red bus ?
how many trains are there ?
what number is in the red circle ?
what kind of showroom is this for ?
what is the title of the book ?
what is the name of the store pictured here
what is the only word that starts with a g in the picture ?
what sign is this ?
what is the number on the tail of the plane ?
what is the first letter on the bottle ?
what beer company in advertised in blue and yellow ?
what word is on the red sign ?
what it the number in front of the train ?
what does the truck say ?
what type of animal is pictured ?
what type of building is shown in the picture ?
what are the letters written on the mans hat ?
does xii represent 12 ?
can you read the roman numeral v ?
when the clock strikes i take a break.
where did this truck come from ?
what is the name of the yellow button ?
what should you do when the lights are flashing ?
what is the name of the theater ?
what is the name of the theater ?
what is the name of the row boat ?
what numbers are on the fence ?
who does not stop ?
what date was the image taken
what is written on the blue awning ?
what is the number on the back of the bus ?
who has copyright of this photo ?
what year is the copyright of this photo ?
what does the sign  say ?
what three letters appear lit up in the dark windows ?
what is the brand name ?
what makes this pasta plus style ?
what type of flour is this pasta made from ?
how many euros is the fleur de france ?
to what airline does the plane belong ?
what business is inside the building ?
what is written here in white ?
what color are the trees ?
what is the route of the white bus on the left ?
what does the metal sign say ?
what road is the man on ?
what street is the three sisters located on ?
where is this photo ?
who makes the camera ?
what company made this camera
what is written there
what are the letters  on the plane ?
what branch of the armed forces is indicated on the side of this plane ?
what letter is shown on the tail of this plane ?
what letters are shown just above the wing on the side of the plane in the red background ?
what is the company name on the all red umbrella ?
what stage is the moon in ?
what is the number written on the bottom of the shoe ?
what are the numbers written on the wall ?
what is the sign of board reference ?
what is written on the bottle ?
what does the writing on the wall say ?
what can you buy in this store ?
is the sign a enter or exit sign
what images are in the background of the poster containing the letters rushmore ?
what is the saints name ?
where is this at ?
what is the name of the street ?
what sign is above the door ?
what state is on the tail fin ?
how far away is winchester ?
what kind of jeep ?
what does the street sign say ?
what does the octagon shaped sign say ?
what is the name of the  baseball team the man is representing ?
what is the jersey number for the man playing baseball ?
what is written on the belt ?
what is the word in white on the back of the mans blue shirt ?
what type of philosophy is mentioned ?
which is the number used in the image ?
what color is the sign on the ground ?
what color is the standing sign ?
what does the standing sign say ?
what is written on the boat ?
what is the date on the beer glass ?
how much are the carveries ?
what does the yellow sign say ?
who is the photographer ?
what word is on the car ?
what is the sign on the bus advertising ?
what is the name printed on machine ?
what is written in back of the truck
what is the sku number of this product ?
where is this product from ?
what number is on the back of the batters shirt ?
what is the full name on the lower left hand corner ?
what is the website listed on the lower left hand corner ?
what does that say above, "we're shooting for success" ?
what is written on the red hat ?
what brand is represented by a cheetah ?
what is the train's number ?
what type of transportation system is marked as straight ahead on the sign ?
which street name is marked as being up ahead ?
what is the brand of the bagels ?
what is written on the front of the white junker ?
what company is being advertised on the large red background ?
what name is written below nasa ?
what does pnc say on the baseball ?
on the middle of the sign is a sticker with a given direction.  what direction is it ?
what word is written on the meter that is also a male's name ?
what is the first digit displayed on the meter ?
what is present on red board
what type of computer is the boy using ?
what is written on the side of the plane ?
what is the brand of grape jelly ?
what is in the spice world jar ?
what type of sauce is in the kraft jar ?
what words are on the green sign ?
what letter is on the neon sign base ?
what number is on the street sign ?
what town is this food company located in, based on the server's t-shirt ?
what number is written on the back of the train ?
what letter is on the white sign next to the sign with an arrow pointing up ?
what is the name of this store ?
what kind of promotion is being shown ?
what is being displayed after the word "yard" ?
what shop begins with the letter "k" ?
what are ok ?
what words are on the bus ?
who manufactures this food ?
what is written on the blue sign ?
what is written on the white sign ?
what letters do you see on the building
what is the clothing brand represented ?
how many tennis rackets are there ?
what is the rainbow colored word ?
what is the street address ?
what word is written in yellow ?
what is written to the right of this image ?
what is written to the left of this image ?
what brand is the backpack ?
what is the name of the magazine ?
what is the purple lettering on the plane ?
what is the company ?
which country was the event held in ?
which airline is advertised behind the winners ?
what number is on the front of the bus ?
what type of bus is this ?
on what website could we find this image ?
three things you can do here ?
what are the first two words on the building ?
what does it say on the white sign with a dog on it starting wiht bus ?
who took  this photo ?
what is the logo on the screen ?
the message on the screen says to do what ?
what street number is shown on the store ?
what is the name of the store ?
what color is the fire hydrant in front of the store ?
what is the number to send a text message to ?
what's written on the black label ?
what is the name of the airline ?
what is the number present in the wooden board
what is the number of the train engine ?
what company does this train engine belong to ?
what is written on the pens ?
what letter is presented twice on the fence ?
what year was this picture taken ?
what name is on the front of the bus ?
what does the t shirt on the left say ?
what is written in red on a paper on the bottom right ?
what year is the copyright for ?
what is the last name of the photographer credited in the photo ?
what is the first name of the photographer credited ?
what restraunt are the donuts from ?
what number is right of the words fire dept: ?
what word is left of the word floor ?
what word is right of the word laboratory ?
what is the name of the train station ?
what two words are written at the top of the blue sign to the left ?
what does the black sign say that is over the sink ?
what is the restaurant name in the picture ?
what number bus is it ?
where is the bus going ?
what is the name of the restaurant with the yellow awning ?
what is the name at the top of the sewer lid ?
who is the author of the top book ?
what is the name of the middle book ?
what is the name of the bottom book ?
what does the boy have in his mouth ?
what does the red sign say ?
name of street ?
what is being advertised on the shop window ?
what is the name of the company ?
how wide is their signature pizza ?
how heavy is their signature pizza ?
what date was the copyright issued for this image ?
what name is the copyright under for this image ?
what number given in pipe
what is the license plate number ?
what is the number of the bus line ?
what number bus is this ?
what year appears in the corner of the photo ?
what kind of ale is shown ?
where was the ale brewed ?
what flavor is the ale ?
what is the number written on the shorts of the person in white who is facing right ?
what brand of drink is it ?
what is the name of the blue snowboard ?
what company took the picture ?
what does the orange sign say ?
what is the name of this highway ?
what should the car do at this intersection ?
who owns this office building ?
what is the year in the label of the image
what is the name of this bank ?
what brand of bike is in the picture ?
what models does this garage sell ?
what is the name on the ski ?
where is the red bus going to ?
what is the number of the red bus ?
what type of clearance is this store having ?
what is the name of the toy gun ?
what is the name of the toy in brown packaging ?
what is written on green board ?
what is the name of the city written on board ?
what is the name of the street ?
what does the red sign say ?
what is the name on the white post ?
what name is the girl holding on tv ?
what is the word in the top circle on tv ?
what is the number on the train
what highway continues in the left two lanes ?
what is writen in the orange part of the right hand sign ?
what brand is the computer ?
where is the bus going ?
what is the name on the appliance ?
what is the word on the bottom left of this photo ?
what brand is this watch ?
what is the brand of the watch ?
what is the name of this area ?
what colors are on the container ?
what is the brand name ?
how many drawers are on the side table ?
what is being advertised with red print ?
what is the name of the yogurt truck ?
what is new york's finest yogurt according to the truck ?
what is the text on the bottom right of the image ?
what team does player number 35 play for ?
what is the number of the player who is on the titans ?
what country is written on the bottom of the lighter
what does the sign above the clock say ?
how much for the produce ?
what text is listed on the street sign ?
what brand toothpaste is shown ?
what is written on the book rack ?
what is the brand of the guitar pic
what is printed on the wrapper for the chopsticks ?
what color is the pickup truck ?
what word is written on the bottom of the black man's top ?
what word is in purple text above the scooter ?
what do the big letters say at the bottom of the sign ?
what is the phone number written on the orange sign ?
what does it say on the sign
what is the name of this manual ?
what is the last word on the phone screen ?
what number  is written on the sail ?
how many people are on board ?
what is helmet color
what is the brand of laptop ?
what word is written in green ?
how much is an italian hoagie ?
what is the airlines name ?
what business is being depicted ?
what is the building number ?
how often is live music played at this business ?
what drink is being advertised ?
how many red sprinkles are on the cake ?
what is player one's score ?
what number is on the cellular phone ?
what is the first line written on the bench ?
what is written on the second line of the bench ?
what word is written in the lower left corner ?
what fruit is written on the bottle ?
what coffee store is being advertised in the back ?
what is the serving size of the left bottle ?
how many calories are there per serving in the left bottle ?
what is the name of the airline on the plane ?
who took the picture ?
what is written on the street sign ?
who makes this product ?
what flavor/type is this product ?
how many min is the prep ?
what is the three letter logo/brand on the upper part of the girl's t-shirt ?
what is the name of the air line of the front plane ?
what words are written in gold lettering, beneath the wing ?
what is the name on this plane ?
what traffic sign is on the metal pole ?
what does the store offer ?
what is this ?
when does this product expire ?
what you seen center text in that red board ?
how many candles are in the picture ?
what numbers do you see ?
which function key has the play/pause button ?
what is written as the photo tag ?
what brand is affiliated with this building ?
what is the name of the race track ?
what is the building's address number ?
what is the name on the clock ?
what is the number written on the players shirt ?
who is the sponsor of the match/stadium ?
what is the number of this train ?
what is at the corner of 35th st ?
street number address of this building ?
what does the text say in the bottom right ?
what is in the bottle closest to the camera ?
which three numbers are displayed ?
what is the appliance found in the box ?
what type of sewing machine is found in the box ?
what is the first line of text in the picture ?
what does the boy's shirt say ?
what does the button on the far left say ?
what does the button on the far right say ?
what is the name of the male cartoon sitting between two women ?
what is bettys last name ?
how much does this comic book cost ?
what date was this photo taken ?
what time was this photo taken ?
where would you throw this pizza box away ?
what store name is written on the yellow sign ?
what is written on his shorts ?
what is the name written on the player's shirt ?
what name is on the business card ?
what is printed on the side of red and white bike ?
what is this ?
what is the tag on the image ?
what is the name of the store ?
what is the liscense plate number on the car ?
what is the building number of the library bar & grill ?
what is the name of the station ?
what does it say on the tail of the plane on the left side of the image ?
what is the name on the hitter's uniform
what is written on the van ?
what is the name of the plane ?
what country is the plane from ?
what are the first three letters on the shaving cream can ?
what state is the gymnast performing in ?
what "games" event is the gymnast performing in ?
who sells these adrornments
what kind of plane is shown ?
how many clocks are there ?
what does it say between certified and bakery ?
what network is mentioned ?
what company's name is displayed on the banner hanging from the fence ?
what is the name on the white bus ?
what number in on her shirt ?
what is the name of the white cassette ?
what copyright year is shown ?
who does the copyright belong to ?
what is the word written above the flag on the bear's shirt ?
what's this sign  ?
what is the name of the restaurant ?
what is the name of the restaurant ?
what is the license plate number of the green truck ?
what type of sauce is in the bottle ?
what does the top line on the left banner say ?
what are the letters on the mug ?
where is palacealbany ?
what does the sign tell you to love ?
what is the number on the board ?
what type of animals are not allowed at this location ?
what are the names of the cake bears ?
who is the cake for ?
what is the word in green icing ?
what is the number in the front of the train ?
what brand is the laptop ?
what is the name of the boat ?
what number is on the boy's jersey ?
what is the namme of the train ?
according to the sign, the road to omaha goes through which city ?
what is the brand being promoted ?
who took this photo ?
when was this photo taken ?
what stop is the train at ?
what is the address of this train stop ?
what does the sign in the top right say ?
what word is written in white in this picture ?
what is the sentence on the laptop ?
what game is being played ?
what word is written on the green sign near the top of the page ?
what does the red sign say ?
what is the flight company's name ?
what is the name on the motercycle ?
what time is on the sign on the bottom of the bus ?
what is written on the top of the bus ?
what state is on the flag ?
which superhero is this comic based on ?
what website does this picture belong to ?
what is the number of the horse ?
where  does the sign direct drivers to go ?
what year is this image from ?
what two words show on most of the items ?
what key is that ?
what is next to the command key on the keyboard ?
what airline operates this plane ?
what is the name of this brand ?
what number is on the mug ?
what does the red sign advertise ?
what does the red sign say ?
what country's name is printed on the mans white t-shirt ?
what is the number on the bus ?
what meat is paired with mushroom ?
what kind of hearts are on the first pizza ?
what does the white pennant advertise ?
what word is on the bike in black letters ?
what is the name of the book ?
what airline is this plane ?
what letters are on the white portion of the plane ?
what is the number on the speed sign ?
what is the name in the board
what is the team name on the shirt ?
what brand wrist band is this person wearing ?
what sport is being played ?
who's phone is this ?
what are the first two letters of the manufacturer of the phone ?
where are these pictures taken ?
what number is in the black and white circle ?
what number is in the red and white circle ?
what is written on the red ?
what is written on the top ?
what store front is displayed here ?
what is the name of the middle store on the second level ?
what is the name of the store on the lower level ?
what is name of street
what is the number printed on the side of the train ?
what is written on the blue sign ?
how many years is this aged ?
what is the destination of the bus  ?
what is the first word on the blue sticker ?
what is the mileage
what is the name of the team indicated by the jersey ?
what is the jersey number ?
who has the copyright for this image ?
what is the name of the street displayed on the sign on the brick wall ?
what kind of traffic sign is displayed in the image ?
what is the number sequence displayed on the sign hanging on the brick wall ?
what is the bus number of the bus in the front ?
what restaurant is shown to the left ?
when was this picture taken ?
who took this picture ?
which cell phone service is offered on the yellow sign ?
what is the street number of this shop ?
what is the brand name ?
what website do you contact for the guarantee ?
what does the sign say ?
what street is this ?
what sport is being played ?
what's the address for kings sky ?
what's the number on the fire hydrant ?
what is the street name ?
which state is this vehicle licensed ?
what is the name of the business ?
what should you say this christmas ?
what is the business shown straight ahead ?
what type of textbooks ?
what is the letter in the blue box on the right ?
what is the number after the word math ?
what is the last letter written on his shirt ?
what is written on the bottom line of the sign on the front of the majenta colored bus ?
what sign is shown on the side of the red van ?
what does the license plate on the bus show ?
what is return in the board ?
what is the name of the theater ?
what is the first word on the white sign ?
what is the name of the road on the top sign ?
what does the red sign read ?
what kind of bus is this ?
what does the sign say ?
what is the bus number
what is written in the number plate
what is being thrown ?
what is written on the lock ?
what is the front license plate of the van ?
what is the license plate number ?
what time is listed on the phone on the right ?
what is the number of the skier ?
what is the number of batsman ?
what is the highest line of print on the wall ?
what does the neon sign show in the storefront window ?
what is the baseball team name ?
what brand is being advertised ?
what is the web address shown ?
what type of gas is it ?
type the letters you see on the bottle
what is the number on the jersey of the player laying on the ground ?
what is the number on the jersey of the player on the left ?
what company name is written is yellow font on a red background ?
what frequency does this radio station operate on ?
what type of car is this ?
what is the license plate number ?
what is the license plate number ?
what is the date given
what is the time given
what does it say on the side of the bus ?
what is the first name of the artist ?
what was one of the original sodas invented ?
what year is on the flag
what does the sign say ?
whats written on the red sign ?
whats inside the octagon ?
what is the name listed on the bottle ?
what is color of the flag
what is the name of the street ?
what is the photographer's middle name ?
what type of mustard is on the table ?
what are the first two letters of the word "bonus" on the mustard ?
what text is on the shirt to the left ?
what is written in big black letters on the sign ?
what white letters are clearly visible on the back of the chair ?
what is the name of this intersection ?
what does it say on the plane ?
who makes this product ?
what text can be seen in blue on the side of the foremost boat
what is the name displayed on the plane ?
what are the two letters carved into the rock ?
what 3 letters could designate the red train ?
what 5 digit code is written on the front of the engine ?
what numbers appear on the top left of the engine, next to the 3 letter code ?
what is written on the building ?
what word is in the red box on the side of the bus ?
what type of shoes are sold in this store ?
what is the second word on the sign ?
what does the baby's shirt say ?
what is the 3rd word on the sign ?
what is the website advertised on the wall ?
what does the sign say ?
what is the black text on the white box ?
what is the name of the variety of apple ?
what is the name on the shirt ?
what is the score ?
what is the name of this bus ?
what is the number of this bus ?
which place, of to the right, can kids play ?
where can you learn some history ?
what is the computer's brand ?
how many people are there in the saloon ?
what is the bus number ?
what gate number is the plane at ?
what are the letters on the saddle blanket ?
what is the name on blue box ?
what airline are you taking ?
what is your nationality ?
what number train is this ?
what is the volume of the bottle in fluid ounces ?
what is the number on the train ?
what is the year the photo was taken ?
what color are the mans' fingernails ?
what does the sign say in cursive ?
how many people are there
what is the name of the store ?
what type of sign is in the foreground ?
what are the french words under the stop sign ?
what is written on the side of the trailer ?
what number is on the crane arm ?
what is the name of this shop ?
what is the store name ?
what does the sign of the plane read ?
what color is xerox written in ?
what is the name of the yellow food truck ?
in what year was this photo taken ?
what year is mentioned in the image ?
what does the red wall sticker say ?
what company is represented at this event ?
what is the website on the sticker on the bus ?
what is the saying on the top of the bus ?
what is the name of the bottle ?
what sponsor name is at the top of the half pipe ?
what is the license plate number of this vehicle ?
what is the research company that took this photo ?
what is ahead ?
what is the number on the front of the dirtbike ?
what is the name of the toothpaste ?
what size is the item on the left ?
what size is the item on the right ?
what number indicated on upper side of the bus ?
what letters written in the front and side of the bus ?
what is written in the down front of the bus ?
what band is listed on the t-shirt of the guy wearing the white mask ?
what does the water mark read ?
what is the license plate of the truck ?
what is in the boxes ?
overall, what is being advertised
what is written under the wheelchair picture ?
what is the first letter of the second word ?
what is the year carved into the stone wall ?
what does the sign say ?
how many quarts are in this container ?
what is the sign ?
what song is playing ?
what is the name of the photographer ?
what is the speed limit on the sign ?
what does the red label say ?
what does the black label say ?
what does the yellow label say ?
what is the visible text on the left ?
what is the number of this bus ?
what does the sign on the building say ?
how old is andrew ?
whose name is on the cake ?
what type of celebration is this ?
what is the train number? a: 319216
what is the bus going ?
what is the train number ?
what is the name of the airline in the picture ?
what brand of hotel is in the picture with a blue logo ?
what is written on the bottom of the ski ?
what is the name of the company building ?
what is the name of the tennis tournament ?
what is written directly above the clock ?
what does the woman's shirt say ?
what is the store called
what is the name of the record store ?
what is shown on the sign hanging next to the barber shop decoration ?
what is the grey train number ?
what is the name of the grey train ?
what is the name of the blue train ?
how many letters are on the picture ?
what word can be seen on the picture ?
what number is this train ?
what is the name of the store ?
what is the first word written in white on the box of raisins ?
name of the telephone booth ?
what is the letter and number sequence under the barcode ?
what floor is the picture taken on ?
what are the first three words listed on the train ?
what name is written on the fan ?
what are the first three words of the sign ?
what does the sign say to beware of ?
what t.v. station is the t.v. tuned in to ?
what words are displayed at the bottom right of the image ?
what is the brand name of the glasses ?
when does school begin ?
what is the name of the school ?
what does the front of the trucks say ?
where was this photograph taken ?
what is the title of the magazine with the cupcake
what is the brand of granola
what is the book about
what is gigi's last name ?
what is the name of the airline
what does the mans shirt on the left say ?
what is written on the yellow t-shirt ?
what is the time on the microwave ?
what does the statue say on the right-hand corner ?
what number stall is in the photo ?
what is on the street sign ?
which store is shown on the left ?
what does the english text say ?
what website address is shown ?
what does it say on the black banner at the top of the cardboard box ?
the sign on the left, what does it say ?
where is the location
what type of business is on the advertising board ?
what letter is written on the helmet
what word is printed on the camouflage background of the wall ?
what is the name at the bottom ?
how many calories ?
what brand is the cell phone ?
what series is series on the side of the truck ?
what red text is underlined ?
what is the name of the bank ?
what is one of the sponsors written behind the skier ?
what is written at the top left ?
what does the red sign say ?
what is written in red ?
what is the license plate number of the bus ?
what are the animals behind the bus ?
what camera brand is shown in the photo ?
what is written at the top ?
what kind of establishment is this ?
what is the name of this business ?
what is written on the white sign closest to the bottom of the pole ?
what is showing in the blue board
what is written in the red  t-shirt
how many grams of sugar is listed
in what year was this photo taken ?
what are the words on the road sign ?
how many people are there
what does the octagonal red sign say ?
what number is on the first bus ?
what word is hanging from the awning
what color is the starfish behind the mermaid ?
what service does this building offer regarding money ?
what is the van model called ?
who uses this van ?
what are the four letters in white on the movie poster ?
what number is on the boat ?
what is the occupation of the people in yellow ?
how many cars present in the picture ?
what is the number plate text on blue car ?
how many car's number plates are visible ?
what is the bus called ?
what is displayed on the white arrow ?
what is on the red sign ?
what is the street name ?
what kind of restaurant is behind the man ?
what is written in white in the bottom corner ?
what is the name of the airline shown on the airplane ?
what brand is the toy basketball hoop ?
what is the name of the costume ?
what is written on the green balloon ?
what color is this package ?
what is the streent name ?
what street is the viewer crossing ?
who's viennaline is it ?
what number do you call with questions or comments in london ?
what is the number to call for questions or comments if you are in ireland ?
what is the address in london for questions and comments ?
what word is written on the image
what is the website listed ?
what company is above usasa ?
this mall is in what country ?
what is written on the tail of the bike ?
what number is written on his shirt ?
what is the name on the side of the truck ?
what type of encryption key is needed ?
what do you press to reboot ?
what brand of monitor is this ?
what is written on the oven's chimney ?
what is the first word on the green sign ?
what is the second word on the green sign ?
what do the large red letters spell on the side of the truck ?
what services does koch offer ?
what city and state is koch based out of ?
what spf coverage is the sunscreen ?
what store is shown in the center of the image ?
what is the soda brand in the picture ?
what bus number is this bus ?
what is the letter designation on the plane ?
what is the name of the store on the bottom right of the picture ?
what is on the red sign ?
what famous artists name is on the building
what street is at the 500 block ?
what street is at the 1600 block ?
what is the orange bus number ?
what is the first word on the plaque ?
do you see one breadstick ?
does it say "bon appetit?"
is this a salad ?
what is written on the wood ?
whats written on the side of the truck ?
whats the company's name thats also written on the side of the truck ?
what color is the base of the board ?
which company took this photograph ?
what two english alphabet letters are clearly visible on the watercraft ?
what is the phone brand ?
how many girls in the picture ?
what numbers are in te picture ?
what date is given
what is the brandof the key ?
what department is this ?
which letter is behind the pink girl with a dot over it ?
what is the first word on the black sign ?
what is the name of the storefront ?
what is the number on the batter ?
what is the company name on the white car in the center of the photo ?
what street does the street sign indicate the white car is traveling on ?
what is the street name ?
which business owns the building in the image ?
what is the image tag ?
what adjective describes the krustyo's ?
what time is the street cleaning ?
why cant you park during the street cleaning ?
what is the number of the  meter ?
what is this great value product ?
what is the word on the street sign ?
who owns the travel agent place ?
what are the accommodations
during what year was this picture taken ?
what time is displayed on the alarm clock ?
what is displayed at the top of the alarm clock ?
who is the manufacturer of the alarm clock ?
what city is this ?
where in san francisco is this ?
what is the number on the tail of the plane ?
what is the team on the poster above the bed ?
what is bottom text book about ?
what does the bear's sign say ?
what is the number of red t-shirt player ?
to what destination is the bus going ?
what fire department does the vehicle belong to ?
what is sold inside the store ?
what animal is pictured ?
which direction are the sheep facing ?
what is the route number of the bus ?
where is the bus going ?
what is printed on the white shirt of the man on the bus ?
which letter is shown on the tennis player's racket ?
which word is shown above the man with the white hat ?
what is the first direction ?
what is the second direction ?
what is the fourth direction ?
what word is on the third line of the sign ?
what do the black signs say ?
what is written in large white text on the advert ?
what is the name of the bus ?
which company owns the black storefront ?
what is written on the trains ?
what is the number on the train in the bottom left corner ?
what number is visible on the batter's uniform ?
what does it say on the upper left hand corner of the pouch ?
what company is this train run by ?
what kind of service vehicle is this ?
what is thelicence plate number of the service vehicle ?
what is the letter on the upper right hand corner of the vehicle ?
who is the photographer of this picture ?
who owns this plane ?
what is the photographer's name ?
what is the photographer's company called ?
what text is superimposed on the picture ?
what is written in front of the aeroplane ?
what are the first three letters of the n word at the top of this picture ?
what newspaper is referenced on the t-shirt ?
what is ortiz's jersey number ?
what number is the bat boy ?
what word is on the left of the trees ?
what kind of pancake is it ?
what do you have to add ?
what are the two words on the top of the machine ?
what is the amount of money listed in yellow in the middle ?
what is the website listed on the bottom ?
what is the brand name ?
what institution is being shown ?
what event is the shirt celebrating ?
what year is the shirt celebrating ?
what word is written in white ?
what is in the direction of the upward pointing arrow ?
what is in the direction of the right pointing arrow ?
what is the brand name of the printer ?
what type of printer is it ?
what country is mentioned in the title ?
what is the trade mark from the clock
what is the date that appears on the bottom corner of the image ?
what is printed on the sign on the top/front of the trolley ?
what does the sign in the upper right of the image read ?
what type of traffic sign is pictured ?
what are the words at the bottom of the traffic sign ?
what is the word written on the dial on the bottom right ?
what is written on the window in white lettering ?
what number is by the dog in the sign ?
what is written on the black sign in the door ?
what is the make of the blue phone ?
who is the only one calling these phones ?
what is the make of the red phone ?
what is written on pink board
what number is the housing ?
what name is on the left tombstone ?
who is welcomed on the sign posted in the window ?
what is the first two digits in the yellow time clock ?
what text is on the blue sign ?
who is sponsoring this match ?
what year appears in the picture ?
what is the name of the player batting ?
what number is rutledge ?
what fruit is being held up ?
what company owns this photograph ?
what is the first letter of the overhead sign ?
what is the first complete word on the over head sign ?
what is the percentage number ?
what would you run into if you walked right ?
what is the name of the store ?
what is the name of the newspaper ?
what is the airline company
what are these hints for ?
how do you protect vermouth from air ?
what is the wall of ?
who long did it take them to come, eat, and conquer ?
what is the first year mentioned ?
what does the sign say ?
to whom is the note addressed to ?
who has written the note ?
what did sandra do ?
what is the number of the school bus ?
how many months pregnant is the mans wife ?
what is the number written under the vehicle's license plate ?
what is the name of the car company written in blue ?
what is the name on the side of the plane ?
what does it say in white letters over the store ?
what is the name of the bus
what is the number of the bus
what is the phone number of the bus
which number is on the black shirt ?
what kind of bikes are shown ?
what time is orchard rd closed ?
what road will be closed from 1pm-1am
what is the name of the batters team ?
what year is displayed on the white t-shirts ?
what is the first word on the orange sign ?
what does the green sign say ?
what is the white letters on the tennis racket bag ?
what are the gold letters on the tennis racket bag ?
what is the second letter of the gold word on the tennis racket bag ?
what does the neon sign say ?
this is the headquarters for which newspaper ?
what does the sign say you can "make your own" of ?
how many men are in the boat ?
how many bananas are there ?
what is player number of the player who picked the ball ?
what does the watermark say ?
what drink is being advertised on the left poster ?
what website is on the truck windshield ?
what is the licence plate number ?
what word is on the grill of the truck ?
which three letter proceed the rest of the website on the windshield ?
what are the two numbers at the end of the license plate ?
what is the brand name ?
where is the product blended ?
what are things that are proved to be true ?
what nutrient do we get from meat ?
what is does the advertisement on this bus say ?
where was this photo taken ?
what brand is the car ?
what is the track number ?
what does the text say in yellow ?
what is the number on the train ?
what's written on his crown ?
what website url is on the back window ?
what is the name on the street sign ?
what color are the letters in the bounding box ?
what color is the sign in the bounding box ?
what is written on the toaster ?
what is written on the bread ?
what is written on the toaster ?
what is written on the toast ?
what is ktm ?
what is written on the toaster ?
what is written on the toast ?
what is written in red under the clock:
which letter is to the left of the w ?
which letter is to the right of the q ?
what is the website listed ?
what is written uder the star
what is the name of the restaurant ?
what is madam's organ ?
what is the motto of the restaurant ?
what business is currently open ?
what does the man's sign tell you to do ?
what number is shown on the train car ?
what is the name of this product ?
who makes it ?
what food is on the front of package ?
what mode of transportation is parked next to this child ?
does the bus pass this location or stop to pick up passengers here ?
what brand of clothing is being advertised in this photo ?
what is the license plate number of the bus ?
what word is in the blue ribbon ?
what letters can be seen in the red logo ?
how much are the oranges ?
what number is on the woman wearing the yellow jacket ?
what company name is on the yellow boxcar ?
what numbers follow tmv ?
what letter is in a box ?
what railway contractor does this train belong to ?
when was this function happened ?
what year is the copyright ?
what number is this train car ?
what word is written on the baby's bib to the left of the animal ?
what is the name of the airline ?
what color is the plan ?
what is this a parking stop for ?
what are the letters on the sticker affixed to the vehicle ?
what tea brand is it ?
how many tea bags are there ?
what are not allowed according to the sign
what degree should the oven be on ?
what is the name of the airline shown ?
what are the words printed on the back wall ?
how much is it for a buzz haircut ?
what is the police officer wearing on his feet ?
what is the number on the front of the bus ?
what is the name of the bus line ?
what is the bus number ?
where does it direct you to
what numbers are on the boat ?
what is the number on the boat ?
what is the name on the boat ?
what is the name of this street ?
what does the traffic sign have written on it ?
what physical activity goes on in the building in the background ?
what is the word written in red on a yellow background on the back of the motorcycle ?
what does it say on the only sign ?
what does the red sign say ?
what police department are the officers from ?
what is the title of the sign in the image ?
what is the phone number listed ?
what time is displayed ?
what button is to the right of disc ?
what is the brand of the pictured product
what is the name of the photography company shown ?
what is the name(s) of the tower ?
what is the name of the site ?
which bridge is marked on the current route ?
how much is the discounted lift and gear rental ?
what brand is the yellow and black laptop ?
which airline is on the runway ?
what air service are the planes associated with ?
what service is america west ?
what is the first name for this hotel ?
what is the word in blue ?
how much does a holiday platter at popeye's chicken cost ?
what is the name of the wine shop ?
what kind of shop is thresher ?
what is the posted speed limit ?
what is the word written in cursive writing under the wine glass ?
what word precedes "fisherman's memorial" ?
who is host on this audio
what this audio is about ?
what kind of airplane is in the picture ?
what number is on the pitcher's shirt ?
what does it say on the top of the board, on top of the banana picture ?
what is written at the bottom right corner of the image ?
what is the stand selling ?
what is the bus's 3 digit code ?
what is the price displayed on the sign ?
what sign is displayed to assist in preparing meals ?
what is written on laptop
what company created the cake ?
what does the quote say is more precious than you think ?
what is the name on the girl's shirt on the wall ?
what is written in the wall
where is the red team from ?
what is the number of the player facing away from the camera ?
what is the number of the player kicking the ball ?
what is the name of the brand ?
what is the gold lettered word on the plane/
what is the pink phrase under emirates on the plane ?
what is the word being advertised by the sign ?
what is the board shown in image
who is the manufacturer of the hard drives ?
what brand is the laptop ?
what is the name on the number 21 shirt ?
what is the name of the cafe ?
what is the name of the airline of the plane pictured ?
what's written on the train ?
what is the name of the avenue ?
what does the yellow and black sign say ?
what slogan is printed on the donut box ?
what is the brand name of the donut product ?
what ethnic style of food is served at this restaurant ?
who's wine is advertised on the red door ?
what word do you see highlighted in yellow ?
how much does 1 point equal ?
which branch is this boots receipt from ?
how many points do you collect for every pound spent ?
what is written on the side of the planes tail ?
spell exactly the b word int his picture.
what goes by ?
what is written on the right bottle ?
how many stop signs do you see ?
is there a one way sign ?
what is the name of the town on bottom of the two signs in the image ?
what building is represented by this toy ?
what name is on the banner ?
what kind of vehicle is shown ?
what is the identifying number of the vehicle ?
what are the people protesting ?
q: what year was this picture taken? a: 2003
what is the total fat ?
what is the serving size ?
how many calories are there per seving ?
what is the name of the store on your left side (image)
what is the board handing there (exit or entrance) ?
what is the text on the building ?
how many doors are there ?
what letter follows m in the alphabet ?
what is the result of 10+3 ?
what is 1+1 ?
what does it say on the top just before the celing ?
what company made this plane ?
what is the number on the front of the train ?
how many calories per serving ?
what is the serving size ?
what is the first name on the bottom right ?
what is the last name on the bottom right ?
who took this photo ?
what is the license plate number of this ford car ?
what university is named on the sign ?
how long can you park for ?
where is this photo taken ?
what is the business name on the building ?
what is the building number ?
what number is on the piller outside the building ?
what is the name of the brand of the skincare ?
which company is this plane owned by ?
what is the name on the sign using large black lettering ?
what is promised of the product being sold ?
what is the last letter in the word featured on the shoe ?
which company recorded took this picture ?
what does the sign say ?
how many persons are standing above the fire bus ?
what is written in blue above the front tire ?
what is written in all lower case letters on the side of the bus ?
what is written in darker blue under unite ?
how many vehicles are in the image ?
what should cyclists do ?
to whom is this sign addressed ?
what is the advertisement for ?
where is this ?
what is the country name mentioned
what is the brand name of the pen ?
what is the number on the tail ?
what brand is the clock ?
what is the biggest message in the picture
how much is a party tray ?
what is advertised on the back of the bus ?
what is the name of the apartment complex ?
what is the chemical formula for water ?
what type of beer is featured here by russian river ?
what is the name of the boy with the blue cap
what is the date on the bottom right hand corner ?
what time does the watch read ?
what is written on plate
why is the s red ?
is that a bookstore ?
what number is on the bus
what is the number on the bumper of the sidecar ?
what's written on the placard on the back of the sidecar ?
what is the girl eating ?
who should you not feed ?
what word is written on the straw wrappers ?
what color is the man's shirt who's walking ?
what is the red sign advertising ?
what color is the coca cola sign ?
what does the sign on the right say ?
what brand is the females shoes ?
what is written on the key ring pendant ?
what color is the belt ?
what color is the belt buckle ?
what is highlighted on the right person's left arm ?
what is the species name of the plant ?
where are these people ?
how many people are there ?
what soda company is represented ?
what brand of water bottle is on the desk ?
what is the number on the woman's jersey ?
who manufactured the coffee pot ?
what type of food is in the can ?
what does the blue sign say ?
what's written in large letters on the blue sign ?
what is the name of the car ?
what is the bus number ?
where is the bus going to ?
what is the name of the bus ?
what is written on the blue airplane ?
what year came after 2012 ?
what is the speed posted on the ibm sign
what brand is the mouse ?
what is underneath the 7 on the calculator to the left ?
what year was the picture copyrighted ?
how many pounds is listed on the bottom of the photo ?
what is the word on the top of the key board ?
what letter is the seating section in the photo ?
what does the sign say to boycott ?
what does the top of the sign say ?
what are the two bottom destinations on the right sign ?
what is the name of the large building ?
how many cars are there ?
what follows "g-" in this photo ?
which brand is the laptop ?
what is the name of the website
what is the licence plate of the car in the foreground ?
how much is the toll for cars ?
what is the number on the locomotive on the right ?
what is the name listed on the locomotive on the left ?
what state is carbondale in ?
what does the cake say ?
what is the name on the yellow bus
what is the number on top of the yellow bus
what is the license plate number on the yellow bus
what does the text say in the bottom left corner ?
what is written on the teddy bears' blue shirts ?
what is written on the blue label ?
what is the name of the ave ?
what is the number shown on the bus ?
what are the three large numbers on the bus ?
what is printed on the side of the truck ?
what is the number of this school bus ?
what is the name of the bus ?
what number are displayed on the licence plate ?
what is written on the sign ?
what is the second word in the sign ?
what is the first word in the sig ?
what day was the solution provided ?
what street number is shown ?
what is written on the windows of the red train in the front of this image ?
what is the last letter on top of the sky scraper ?
what year is this image copywrighted ?
when was this picture taken ?
what is written on the car ?
what hashtag is displayed on the bus ?
what webste is printed on the side of the bus ?
what is kind of zone is this ?
what is printed on the bottom right ?
what is listed on top of the buses ?
what is the name of the cleaning truck ?
which restaurant is advertised on the wall ?
what label does the tee shirt display
what is written on the green sign ?
what is written on the red sign ?
where is the second bus headed ?
what name is on top
what name is on bottom
what type of foods does holland & barrett sell ?
what is the word on the sign lit in green ?
what comes between holland and barrett ?
what does the white banner say ?
what number place on board
what is the license plate number ?
what is the web address on the truck ?
what type of food is mentioned on the label ?
what is the word on the cup that is written in black ?
what is the brand of snack being eaten in the picture ?
what are the blue letters on the plane ?
what does the traffic sign board say ?
what number is displayed on the bus ?
what is written on the nose of the plane ?
what is the brand of the fan ?
what is the first word on the red bus ?
what kind of car is parked by the sign ?
what is written across the car ?
what sport do these guys play ?
what number is written in red in front of the bus ?
what word is written on the white container on worktop ?
what is the name on the building ?
what is on the red sign ?
what drink is advertised on the red t-shirt ?
what is the temperature shown on the laptop ?
what time in the evening is shown on the laptop ?
what body of water is mentioned on the side of the bus ?
what kind of milk product is in the green packet ?
what are the last three digits of the year printed at the bottom of the photo ?
what is the sign of board reference ?
what country name refered in t-shirg
what does the sign say ?
what is the name of the restaurant in sign 4 ?
what type of sauce is the baked chicken with ?
what is written on the gate
what is the photo tag ?
what word is on the blue street sign ?
what is the year on the photo
what is the month on the photo
what is the day on the photo
what is the text in the bottom right of the screen ?
what is the name written in stylized font on the front of the bus ?
what letter does the golden arches form ?
what is the date the photo was taken ?
what word is to the left of the players ?
what female name is written in the picture ?
when was this picture taken ?
what search engine was used for this picture ?
what is the number of the red bus ?
what does it say in red, on the front of the bus ?
what is the name of the garage ?
what company name is on the trucks ?
what are the first two words of white text on the black sign ?
what is written on the banner ?
on which street was this picture taken ?
on which boulevard was this picture taken ?
what is on the black and white street sign written ?
what is the brand name ?
what type of jeans does king gee make ?
what is showing in the traffic sign
what is written on the white board
what is present on the flex
where can we watch this game ?
what is written in the banner ?
what is the first word of the banner in the front ?
what letter and number combination is printed on the side of the plane ?
what place is named on the side of the plane ?
what name written on image  ?
what are the two letters on the front of the red train ?
what company is the sponsor ?
what is the brand of the water ?
what is the year at the bottom right of the picture ?
which number can you read ?
what kind of market center is this ?
where could i find more information online about the csa ?
what is the number on the side of the train ?
what is the word on the right of the image ?
what two letters are on the left of the image ?
what is the name of the airline in the picture ?
on what date was this photograph taken ?
what is the brand name on the bottom of the silver remote ?
what is the brand name on the bottom of the third remote ?
what does the yellow tape say ?
what website does this photo belong to ?
what is the letter on the piece of equipment on the counter underneath the window with the plant ?
what is the year of copyright ?
what is the last name on the image ?
what numbers are on the red license plate ?
what is inscribed on the man's shirt ?
which player has number 18 on his outfit ?
which numbered player is playing the catcher ?
which number is zobrist ?
what is the name of the company printed the side of the bus ?
what is the child eating ?
what word is shown on the childs shirt ?
what words are written on the arrow ?
what is the name of the street ?
which photographer took this picture ?
what countrties name is listed
what is the name of thr company
what number is on the top right of the magazine ?
what is the name of the website where the image came from ?
what is written on the door ?
what is written on the side of the canoe ?
what numbers are written on the front of the train ?
what vegetables are on offer ?
what fruits are on offer ?
what car dealer is on the black advertisment ?
what team is celebrated on this flag ?
what brand is the camera ?
what is the model of the camera ?
what number is the person in first place wearing ?
what name is printed on each person's shirt ?
what is the number of the sign ?
what company owns this plane ?
what orange flavoured drink is advertised on the skier's jacket ?
what is written on the blue sign
what is the name of the company seen in the photo ?
what is the name of this playground ?
where was this photograph taken ?
what letter does the blue hat have on it ?
what is at the beginning of every website's link ?
what does it say on this man's t-shirt ?
what type of business is coming soon ?
what kind of service will the truck stop deliver ?
what type of vehicle is the business aimed at ?
what are the letters on the white plane ?
where is the bus going ?
what numbers are written under the front window ?
what sport is the man playing ?
what  number do you see that print on this car ?
what is the number on the side of the car in the photo ?
what company makes the beer ?
what word follows the word "seasonal?"
what is number plate shown
what are the last four numbers on the television screen ?
what are the first four numbers on the television screen ?
what are the numbers on the television screen ?
what is the number for la f.e. local
what city name is written on the side ?
what profession can be found on the door of the truck ?
how is something that is not high ?
how is something that is not broken ?
what large number is written in orange ?
what brand is the sauce bottle ?
what does it say in english ?
what meal is inside of the brown packaging ?
what year was this photo taken ?
what is brand name on device
what is the name of this bus company
what is the 5-digit number on the metal plate ?
what city is named on the plate ?
which month is listed on the plate ?
what are the first four numbers on the bottom of the sign ?
what is the first word on the sign ?
what does the sign say ?
what is the name of the kiosk ?
what does the sign on the right say ?
what does the player in the back's shirt say ?
what is written on the side of the yellow bus ?
what brand of camera is this ?
what is the name of this particular canon camera ?
what type of cannon digital camera is this ?
what country is named on the side of the airplane ?
what kids of discovery is promised in the destination country ?
what does this shop sell ?
what is the first name of the author of the wine book ?
what volume book is the top book ?
what is the book about wines called ?
what type of wars does the paper mention ?
what is the name of the retailer that is advertised in green ?
what is the main message on the red sign on the gate ?
what number is the house ?
when does alto open
what color is the display screen ?
what event is advertised in the poster ?
what website address is in the image ?
what is the brand of this object ?
what does the image say at the top ?
how is the door in the photo labeled ?
what is the name of the site in the image ?
what are the license numbers on the motor bike to the far left ?
what are the license numbers on white motor bike to the left ?
what numbers are on top of the cab ?
what is written on the side of the plane ?
what is the train number ?
what is the building ?
what year is listed in the bottom left hand corner ?
what is the number of the house in the image ?
what is the letter and number combination on the train ?
what number is the foremost player sporting ?
who sponsors the game ?
what number is on the pylon ?
what phrase is spelled out by the candles ?
what is the first white word printed on the book cover ?
what is the second white word printed on the book cover ?
what is on the green license plate
where is this bus going ?
what is name listed in red color ?
what is the name listed on the banner ?
what is the city listed on the neon sign ?
what is the name of the bus company ?
what is the license plate number ?
what state is shown in the saying on the fridge ?
what name is on the street sign ?
what is the name of the street ?
what is the white lettering on the train ?
what is written above the escalator ?
what are the three initials after the copyright ?
what is the large black number on the side of the car ?
what is the name of the pink plane ?
what does it say on the t-shirt ?
what is the name of the street shown in the image ?
which tv company has a brand showing in the back of the photo ?
what is written on screen ?
what brand is this phone ?
which airline owns the aircraft in this image ?
what is printed on the bottle in red ?
what is the white word on the screen ?
this store sells brands that include ?
what kind of market is this ?
which brand advertisement is prominently blue and near the jumbo screen ?
what is the roads name ?
what is the name of the airlines ?
what is written after stop
what is written in red ?
what is written on the post in big letterings ?
what is a small stream ?
what is it that it is not complicated ?
what is the bank first two letters ?
what is the number on the bus ?
where is the bus going ?
what are the two letters in silver on the side of the train ?
what number appears on the orange jersey ?
what letters appear above the number 4 on the red jersey ?
what is the second letter on the paper to the left of the instruments ?
what is the last letter on the paper to the left of the instruments ?
what is the first letter on the paper to the left of the instruments ?
what does the top line of the screen say ?
what are the letters on the firetruck arm ?
what are the three white letters are on the bottom of the red roof ?
what is the letter below the h on the white signboard ?
what is the second white letter at the bottom of the red roof ?
what does it say after the copyright ?
what does the type on the yellow sign read ?
what is the name of the store ?
what type of store is this ?
who is the manufacturer of the baseball ?
who is the president of the national league ?
what is the text on the white sign ?
what word is on the big red sign ?
where is this bus going ?
what website is this from ?
what emergency vehicle is this sign be referring to ?
is that a two lane street ?
what is the identity of this train ?
what is the number representing this train station ?
what is the legible word on the blue background, on the white van ?
what is the first word on the sign ?
what number do people call to get a refund of this medicine ?
what is the slogan written on the door mat ?
what is the welcome message on this mat ?
what's the number on the hood of the car ?
what number is the leftmost player ?
what number is the middle player ?
what is the name of this building ?
what is written on red sign board ?
what are the first two fully visible letters to the right of the man's head ?
what does the orange sticker read ?
what sport is being displayed in this photo ?
what color is this players shorts ?
what color is this players shoes ?
what does the protester want to stop ?
what is the speed limit ?
what sign is next to the speed limit sign ?
what number appears in the red circle ?
what is written inside the sign outlined in blue ?
what is the name of the boat ?
which word is written on the large silver disc ?
who is the airline who owns the plane ?
where is the plane traveling to ?
how many children are there ?
what is hanging on the line ?
what two colors are the wall ?
what is the first name of the tag ?
what is the first word on the crossbar of the walker ?
what flag is shown in the windsheild of the bus ?
what type of oil is sold ?
what is written on the sign ?
what number is this train ?
what is written on the aerial banner ?
what is the first word written on the mirror ?
what does the poster say ?
what is the white text on the banner on the front of the double decker bus ?
what are the first two letters on the bus number plate ?
what is written in capital fonts in the banner on the side of the bus ?
who is the author of the large book in the center left of the photo ?
what is the brand name indicated near the top of the camera ?
what numbers are shown on the keyboard in this photo ?
who is the author of the book being read by the dog ?
what does the sign say ?
what is the business shown to the right ?
what is the name of  item written at the top of the box ?
where is the 2 bus going ?
what is the name of the airplane wing ?
what is the front license plate number ?
what is the front license plate number ?
what word is underneath the goat mascot ?
which two words each have three stars under them ?
what full word is listed in black ?
what number is the skier ?
who is sponsoring the skier ?
what railroad company is this ?
what is the number of the engine ?
what is the number of the blue train car ?
what brand of tennis ball is pictured ?
where is this picture from ?
how is coca-cola being described ?
what's written on the orange chair  ?
what is the building across this street called ?
what letter in on the shoe ?
what is the brand name on the lights the child is touching ?
what is the type of light the child is touching ?
what brand is the rv ?
what model is the rv ?
what is the first word of the first sentence ?
what is the second word of the first sentence ?
what is the third word of the first sentence ?
what does the red sign say ?
what is the spf of the sport performance bottle ?
what is the spf of the dry oil bottle ?
what is the brand of the monitor in the picture ?
how many people are in the picture ?
looking at the trees, is it more likely summer or winter ?
how many people are on skateboards ?
what is the big green letter in the middle ?
where is the red bus going ?
what is the red bus number ?
what is the big yellow word on the bus ?
what type of this bus ?
what is the number in black on the train car on the right ?
what is the area code for the phone number pictured ?
what is the first red word on this sign ?
what number is written ?
what does the big sign say ?
what is the name of the companies in the foreground ?
who is that old man ?
what does the yellow sign say ?
what is the 3rd word on the red sign ?
what is the number on the train ?
what phrase is shown on the green sign ?
what is the brand of the box ?
what is in the box ?
what flavor is on the box ?
what is the name of the jewelry store ?
how much is the sale percentage listed on the sign ?
what is the name of the store in the picture ?
what is the baseball player number on his jersey ?
what is the other baseball player number on the back of the jersey ?
what are the 2 cross streets ?
what does the white sign say ?
what word appears on the diagonal red bar on the bicycle ?
what is the street name on the sign ?
what number is above the street name ?
what do the big yellow letters on the left vehicle say ?
what is the motorcycles license plate ?
what is written beneath the bmw sign ?
what address is on the street sign ?
what is written on the container on the truck ?
what is the number of the red train ?
what is the yellow tag number ?
what is the horses name ?
what is the miners name ?
what is the location of this image ?
what is on the tractor in yellow ?
what restaurant sign is featured in this image ?
what is the brand name shown on the bottom of each of the bedspreads ?
what is written on the man's chair ?
what number is on the train ?
what is the number of the train in the front of the picture ?
what are the numbers on the black train in the background ?
what is the date printed on the corner of the photo ?
what is written on red board ?
what is written on the board on the top of red board ?
what is written on blue board ?
what does the sign with the cigarette say ?
what is the name of this book ?
what is the name of this station ?
who is driving the car ?
what is the name of the game ?
on which newspaper is this crossword posted ?
what is the name of the author of this crossword ?
what is the number on top of the door ?
what does the text on this vehicle say it is called ?
what emergency phone number is written ?
who makes the motorcycle ?
name on the plane
what kind of stickers are advertised by the blue sign ?
what can only you prevent according to the sign ?
what is the website on the photo ?
what food can you buy at tommys chipwagon ?
what airline does this plane belong to ?
what does the blue shirt on the right say ?
what word is written directly below the word game on the back sign ?
what is the bank name on the small atm
what is the name on the larger kiosk
what color is the bus in the image ?
what is the bus number ?
what is the serial number of the bus ?
what is the name of the blue boat ?
what is the boats name that is red, yellow, and green ?
what number card is this ?
what is the maximum speed allowed ?
what is the am et time that appears on the television screen ?
what is written on the key that is the most upper left in the image ?
what store is pictured ?
what is the word written in yellow type on the side of the train ?
what letters are on the front of the bus ?
what number is on the top of the bus ?
what word is in the far bottom right ?
what does the truck advertise ?
what is the far right bottle second word ?
what is written on the blue paint on the front of the car ?
what is the name of the brand displayed in the background of this image ?
what two letters are displayed on the back of the plane ?
what is written at the front of the plane in red ?
what is the brand of the machine
what company name is on the coffee cup
what number is displayed on the bottle ?
what number is clearly visible ?
what is the destination of the bus ?
what number is above the headlight on the bus ?
what name is on the street sign behind the bus ?
what is written on the train
what month is listed on the big movie poster ?
what does it say on the tail of the plane ?
what is the number on the skiier on the left ?
what is the number on the skiier on the right ?
what color is their vests ?
what website can you see in the picture ?
who is the main sponsor of the car ?
who is at work ?
what is the genius attempting to do ?
who's desk is this ?
what is the dollar price in the paragraph ?
what is the name of the street according to the street sign ?
what is the name of the store behind the hitchhiker ?
what brand name is written on the blue an white sign ?
what website is the photo from ?
which number is the train ?
what is the opposite of small ?
what is written on the sign ?
what establishment is this ?
what is the date on the photo ?
what is the date written in yellow letters ?
what is the brand of the tub ?
who has taken this photo ?
when has been taken this photo ?
what are the letters on the front of the red train ?
what is the shorter word on the side of the yellow train ?
what is the larger word on the side of the yellow train ?
what is the time listed on the sign ?
what do the cutouts on the ground spell ?
what is the number on the batter's uniform ?
what word is the arrow pointing down to ?
how much does the training cost ?
which state kennel club is this ?
what number is on the arm of the woman on the right ?
what movie is showing in the cinme ?
what can you put in this receptacle ?
what food is in the bag ?
what does the octagonal sign say ?
what percentage is the sale ?
what is the brand of the camera ?
what does the red banner say ?
what is the first letter of the word on the red banner ?
what is the name of the business ?
what is the name of the market ?
what days is the market open ?
in addition to the food court, what else is sold ?
what is the name of the street are showing here ?
what is the name of blue shop ?
what is the name of the company which is offering this public watch ?
what does the banner say ?
what does the bottom line say ?
what word is on the red arrow ?
what letters in all caps appear on top of the building in the photo ?
what does the truck say ?
what is the sign of tanker refer
what year is the trophy ?
what is the name of the train line ?
what is the four-digit number for the train ?
what type of store are the pedestrians walking past ?
what is the temperature ?
what day is it ?
what is the name of the company advertising ?
what word is on the dog poster on the wall ?
what is the name written on the drumstick
what does it say under the clock ?
what is the first word of the website ?
what does it say in white green and blue ?
what airline is written in blue letters on the plane ?
what is the airline that is advertised on the side of the plane ?
how many mm is the height of this ?
what state is the welcome sign for ?
what is the phrase at the bottom of the sign ?
name on the desktop model plane
when was this picture taken ?
what is the phone number of the comic shop
what does the round street sign say ?
what is the number of the red bike in the middle ?
what is the first number on the image ?
how many times do you see the number 80 ?
what word is on the red pentagon ?
what does it say on the street sign that is on the right attached to the wall ?
what word is on the red sign ?
what is the food truck selling ?
what is the number written on the truck
what is present on the white truck
what is thephone number on the truck ?
what does this sign say to do ?
what kind of soup is in the picture ?
what is the first letter at the bottom of photograph ?
what team is he playing for ?
who has taken this photo ?
what does the blue sign say ?
what does the orange sign say ?
what is the name of the photographer that took this picture ?
how can you contact the photogrpher of this photo ?
what does the main sign say ?
what is the number of the shop ?
what word is below "rich wareham" ?
what animal is this ?
what is the first word in white ?
what is the buses lisences plate ?
what is this on this bus that also is in your house ?
the day everybody thanks god for
who's toilet is it ?
what word is in the largest font on the computer monitor ?
who is the maker of this vehicle ?
what is the black word on the frotn ?
what is the blue word on the front ?
what is the name of the street ?
what is the name of the blvd ?
what is written in white with black backgroud ?
what type of drink is that on the table ?
what meat is in this meal ?
what world tour is this ?
what is written on the board ?
what is written on the bottom of the blue box ?
what is the team name on the white jersey ?
what is this person doing ?
what is the number on license plate ?
what letter is on the license plate ?
how many wheels can you see ?
what does the sash say ?
which word comes before des ?
what does the sign say ?
how many items are there in the image ?
what is the name of this venue ?
how many cables are there ?
what is the brand of skate the athlete is using ?
what number is the athlete ?
what sponsor logo is on the athletes left left ?
what is on the red sign ?
what is the name of the card ?
what word is between the man's legs who is located in the top left of the image ?
how many real d 3d posters do you see ?
what does the train cart say ?
who wrote black & white) ?
what enitials of a famous wizard are on the chest to the right ?
what company make the bottle ?
what is the name of the gas station ?
what is the name of the soda brand on the cup ?
what is the name of the avenue ?
what mode of transportation is seen ?
what numbers are seen on the bus ?
what 4 letters are on the top of the white sign on the black pole ?
what is the first word written in yellow ?
what is advertised in front of the bananas ?
what number is written in blue ?
what address given in bus
where is the truck from ?
where is the bus headed ?
what organization is printed on the sticker ?
what is written on the lower adn central glass pane ?
what type of shop is this ?
what country is the sled from
what is the name of the sled
what state is the sled in
what is written on the blue sign in english text ?
what are the two letter listed toward the front of the green plane ?
what type of bus is shown ?
how many cl is the beer ?
who provided the image ?
what number is on the back of the navy blue shirt ?
what is the number on the bus ?
what is the name of the bus company ?
what is the instructions shown  in the red board ?
what does the red sign say ?
what is written on the red sign ?
what does the sign above the girl's head say ?
how much is a designer suit package ?
where can a designer suit package be found ?
what does a designer suit package include ?
who does this plane belong to ?
what are the initials on the back of the bike ?
what is the name of the nearby school ?
what is the name of the nearby beach ?
what phrase is displayed on the sign highest up in the image ?
what phrase is displayed on the sign directly beneath the chamber of commerce sign ?
is the baby a boy or a girl ?
what kind of food does the sign say ?
what does the bottom sign on the pole say ?
what number is on the pole ?
what is the purpose of the white sign ?
what does the text on the shirt say ?
when was this photo taken ?
how many players are on the field ?
which brand of cell phone is on display ?
which wireless prepaid brand of cell phone is on display ?
what is the ad for on the side of the bus ?
what company produced this image ?
what directions are given by the signs with the round red circle ?
what business is in the white building at the right edge of the picture ?
what does white sign with the green circle at the bottom say ?
what is the name of the street ?
what is the name of the bank ?
who is the owner of the truck parked in front of the building ?
how is the forest ?
what is the road sign ?
what word come after the word hair ?
what website is on the bottom of the picture ?
what two word are on the side of the yellow vehicle ?
what name is printed on the front of the train ?
what name is printed on the side of the train ?
what kind of motorcycle is this ?
what item in the photo is named on the green sign ?
what does the front of the bus say ?
what does the sticker say ?
what company is being depicted ?
what kind of rentals ?
what color is the mans t-shirt ?
what does the red sticker near the bench say ?
what is written at the bottom right of the picture ?
what is written on the seat ?
what is written on the bus screen ?
what is the bus number ?
what is not allowed in the shop ?
what is the time on the screen ?
what are the letters on the bottom of the screen ?
what is written on the red sign ?
what is written on the white and black sign ?
which model  ?
what is the name on the yellow candy bar ?
what company name is on the wall ?
what is the brand of the net ?
what is the name of this building as shown in the white sign ?
where is the person behind the bars ?
what is written on the frisbee ?
what is the food on this flight like ?
what word is on the orange water bottle ?
what word appears on the skaters shirt ?
what does the sign say above the door ?
what does it say in english on the wall ?
what is written largest ?
what is written at the bottom ?
whats the text read on the top of the cd ?
whats in black text at the bottom of the cd ?
what conflict is represented by a memorial that is signposted in this picture ?
what brand is written on the tennis player's shirt ?
what is the number on the boat ?
what number is represented on the boat ?
what name is on the sail ?
what nations flag is on the side of the boat ?
what is the first word written in red on the white shirt ?
what is the second word written in red on the white shirt ?
what is the price on the wall ?
what date was this photo taken ?
what time was this photo taken ?
what jersey number is worn by the player facing you ?
which sponsor is displayed on the white banner ?
how many people are in the picture ?
the cafe across the way is named ?
what season is being celebrated ?
what does the sign say ?
how many functions does this whistle have ?
what is on the shirt of the player in blue ?
who makes it
what does the red sign say ?
what is the writing on the wall
what is written in white text on the orange banner ?
what is the first number on the batter's shirt ?
what is the phone number on the orange banner
how does the monkey swim ?
what is the name of the yellow boat ?
what's the three last digit number of the car
what is written on the circle beneath the man ?
what is the name of the street ?
which name advertised in that box ?
what opponent is wozniacki playing against ?
what is the number on the player to the left ?
what is the text on the helmet ?
what is the first word on the fire hydrant ?
who wrote the book laying on the table ?
what does the pamphlet on the left say ?
what box is that ?
what is the brand of this exercise equipment ?
what is painted in yellow on the front of the bus ?
what does the train say ?
what date was this image taken ?
what time of day was this image taken ?
what letter is on the red sign ?
what does the blue sign say ?
what is the country name on the plane in the back ?
what is the name of the team as shown on their jerseys ?
what initial is shown on the player's caps ?
where do you live ?
where do you work ?
what number is the train ?
what does the blue sign display ?
the blue sign has what seating ?
what seating is displayed in the blue sign ?
what is the train number ?
what is the company of the train ?
what word is shown on this image ?
what kind of solicitors are on the banner ?
what are the three numbers before 7837 ?
what is the first letter in red below the top window ?
which airlines operates the airplanes ?
what is the word in red type on the front of the bus ?
what is the first name of the president featured as the statue ?
what is the last name of the president in the statue ?
what is the name of the airline of the plane ?
what is the name of the store in the picture ?
who owns this image ?
what numbers are displayed on the front bus ?
what is the phone number displayed on the bus ?
what is the number on the green jersey ?
what does the blue sign in the lower left-hand corner say ?
what letter is on the racket ?
what search engine displayed on the computer screen ?
what is the website written at the top of the picture ?
what website has watermarked the image ?
what is the photo number found in the corner ?
what is the label stick on glass
what is the airline name ?
how many parts of the story are there ?
who is this story about ?
what is written on the sign  ?
what is the name of the street shown in the picture
what is the name of the hotel ?
what is the phone number of the hotel ?
what is the name of the store on the far left ?
what type of whisky is advertised on the jug ?
what type of whisky is jim beam ?
what part of america is jim beam from ?
what is the number on the front of the train ?
what is written on the vertical black sign ?
what is written on the building right above the first fire engine ?
how much does a dozed of donuts cost at this bakery ?
what is the number of this bus ?
what is the big type on the white sign ?
what is being sold ?
what is the duck's name in white ?
what is the word written on the music stand on the right side of the image ?
what number is written on the front of the green bus ?
what is the name listed in the lower left corner ?
what is written in the board
what is present in red board
which city and state was this photo taken of ?
what is the train's number ?
what type of bus is shown in the image ?
what word is on the orange sign ?
what is the name of the company on the truck ?
what is labeled on the road behind the rear right tire ?
what is the number on the baseball player's jersey ?
what two words are written in yellow on the black wall behind the player ?
what does it say on the bottom row of the green sign ?
when should people not cross ?
what does the awning say ?
what is the name of the hotel ?
what is the number written on the driver's side door of the police car ?
what is the license plate number on the front of the police car ?
what is this ?
what name should you search flicker for ?
what is the name  given on umbrella
what is the sign say ?
what is written in the board ?
who's photo is this ?
what is the word on the bottom right of the image ?
what does the sign on the right of the pole say ?
what type of food is this ?
what is the name of the theater ?
what brand is the product ?
what type of sodium content does the product have ?
what airline operates this plane ?
what is the name on the sign posted on the buidling ?
what game is being played in this image ?
what does the image say ?
what is the name of the street ?
what is the number on the street sign ?
what is the main color of the boat ?
what color clothes are the people on the boat wearing ?
what number is the av ?
what is the number on the side of the train ?
what does the clock say ?
what does the orange sign say ?
what do the jerseys of the players say ?
what number is to the left of the cross symbol on the aircraft ?
what number is to the right of the cross symbol on the aircraft ?
what year is written on the stone ?
where is the event in the image taking place ?
what kind of company put up the white sign ?
what is in white font on the lamp post's sign ?
what is the opposite of worst ?
what is the name of the store ?
what is the full name on the bottom right corner ?
what is the bus's id number ?
what are the first 4 characters of the license plate ?
what are the last two characters on the license plate ?
what is the worker cutting ?
what color is the apron and hat ?
what is the first letter of the word in the top left corner ?
what is the fourth letter of the word in the top left corner ?
what does the top street sign say ?
what does the second street sign say ?
what does the octagon street sign say ?
what is the name of the cafe ?
what is the batter's name ?
what is the batter's number ?
what is on the red sign ?
what kind of tea is in the box ?
how many bags are in the box ?
where is the product from ?
what two words are listed on the camera ?
what is the brown word ?
what is the logo name on the sticker ?
what letters are on the license plate ?
people are standing on a bridge in front of what hotel ?
what hotel is behind the people ?
the sign for which hotel is shown on the corner of the building ?
what is the word listed on the front of the plane ?
who has copyrighted this photo ?
what is the name of the away team ?
what brand of bus is this ?
what is the bus number ?
what is the brand of the toaster ?
what text is written on the orange toaster ?
how many pieces of bread are in the toaster ?
what advertisement is shown ?
what is the first letter on the blue sign ?
what is written  on the dugout
what are the words on the white sign ?
what is the name of the business this photo advertises ?
what kind of photography does this company do ?
what is the name spelling in curvy script ?
what bottle is farthest to the right ?
what is the clary sage bottle used for ?
what is written on the cake ?
what movie is being previewed on screen ?
what theater will show previewed movie ?
what movie is advertised in print next to the screen ?
what numbers are after 6 on the flyer ?
what word is in the bottom right corner ?
what is the name on the sign ?
what airline is this plane ?
what is the bus advertising ?
which year is written on the building ?
what brand of tomato ketchup is in the picture ?
who is steve harley playing with ?
what is the name in the street sign
what is the number on the street sign
which direction is 6 ave
what does this traffic light say ?
when this photocopy was taken ?
what is the sign of board reference ?
what tunnel is straight ahead ?
what is the brand name of these wine bottles ?
what is the text on the first girl's (from left) cap ?
what is the text on the second girl's (from left) cap ?
what is the text on the fourth girl's (from left) cap ?
what does the sign say ?
what is the brand name listed on the drill ?
what year did the roadshow take place ?
what type of ground beef is needed ?
how much ground beef is needed ?
what size skillet should you use ?
what is meant to be shared ?
what color is the fire hydrant ?
what color is the car ?
what colour is the fire hydrant ?
what number is on the red shirt ?
what brand mustard is the upright bottle ?
what is the reservation number on the table in the back ?
what is on the womans head ?
what is the jersey number of the player wearing green on the field ?
what is the middle word of the red banner on the fence ?
what is the last word of the red banner on the fence ?
what is display on footer
what road is this marked as ?
what is the only full word that can be read from the seal on the sign in the bottom left of the picture ?
what part of the word "national" can be seen in the seal on the sign in the bottom left corner of the picture ?
what is written in grey on the white sign ?
what is written on the blue tshirt ?
where is the bus going ?
what is the brand name on the tennis bag ?
what brand of car is this ?
this car is used by the ?
what is the big word above the keys ?
what brand of refrigerator is being displayed ?
what is written on the sign below the stop sign ?
what is written on the sign above the one way sign ?
what website is the image from ?
what is the cylinder content
what number is on the jockeys sleeve ?
what brand is the juicer on the right ?
what percenatage off is below 70% off ?
what is the maker of the truck ?
what are the letters on the book with the white binding ?
what number is listed to call ?
what airlines does the plan belong to ?
what is the name of the store ?
what is the word that begins with f in this picture ?
the gentleman is quietly reading what magazine ?
what color is the woman's visor ?
what text is in the box on the left hand side of the page ?
what color are the stripes on the woman's shirt ?
what kind of animal is this ?
what is the scientific name for this animal ?
what does the octagonal red sign say ?
what is written on the plate ?
what is the first word that appears on the sign that is in the octagon ?
what is the street name ?
what does the orange sign say ?
what number is on the white sign ?
where does the right direction lead to ?
what brand are the plates ?
what is written on the side of the bus ?
what does the sign advise to do when you're on a good thing-
what number is on the train ?
who is this photo by ?
what is the number of the train ?
what is the last name of the photographer ?
in what year was this photo taken ?
what film is playing at the cinema ?
what number is on the bike ?
what is the date (month and day) listed on the document ?
what is listed before travel agencies ?
where does manhole drain to ?
what is the title of the top book ?
what type of literature is the bottom book ?
which white letters are completely visible above the right-hand mouse ?
what number appears on the top banner of the bus ?
what is the destination of the bus ?
what are the first two letters on the license plate of the bus ?
what is the storefront next to the horse ?
what three letter word in yellow follows sub on the sticker on the top part of the refrigerator ?
what is the red bus number ?
what is the first letter on the closest sign ?
what is the name of the store outlined in black ?
what is the name of the clothing store shown in this picture ?
what is the email address on this page ?
what is written on the machine ?
what is the title of the passage ?
where is this cargo ship from ?
who said 'let me be your teddy bear' ?
what is the name of the man in the picture ?
what was willian henry schofield a professor of ?
what is the name of his wife ?
what is written in the red portion of the sign ?
what energy drink brand is the can ?
what is the word written on the ramp ?
what is shown in this picture ?
what letter is on the yellow jerseys ?
what is printed on the fencing ?
where do you can buy this spaghetti ?
what is written in red on the store sign ?
what is the forst six-letter word on the top left white sign ?
what is the name of this shop ?
name two sponsors of this tennis event ?
what is the brand of the bus ?
what are the ingredients in the bagel ?
what is the name written on the side of the airplane ?
is the landing gear showing or not showing ?
is the airplane a commercial jet or private jet ?
what company building is in the background ?
what is the name of the motorcycle driver ?
what is the name of the team with the white shirts ?
what is next to thames path ?
what is the first word displayed on the computer monitor ?
what are the first two letters of the third word on the computer monitor ?
what is the middle word on the bottom row of test displayed on the computer monitor ?
what is the name of the news station in the photo ?
what word is on the red sign ?
what event is this for ?
what is this event promoting ?
who is the sponsor fort his event ?
what is the name of the business ?
what is the time on the sign ?
what gate are the people exiting ?
what logo is on the carts ?
what is the name of the train ?
what is the number on the train ?
what year is on this photo ?
who took this picture ?
what is the american city listed on the bus ?
does bawarchi have any branch ?
what kind of salad is it ?
who is it made by
what is the name of this photograph ?
what month was this photo taken ?
what is the first name of the photographer ?
what is the letters in the black tshirt ?
what is the number written on the glass house ?
what does the sign say ?
what day of the week was the festival held on ?
who is sponsoring the football game ?
what is on the red sign ?
what would you be getting fast, according to the picture ?
what number is on the jersey of the man on the far right ?
what is the license plate number of the car ?
what is written in the bottom corner ?
which company is depicted in the image ?
what day and number is on the watch ?
what is the name on the watch ?
what color is the band ?
what is the name on the bus ?
what does the round sign say ?
what is the name of the country on the yellow baseball ?
what color jersey is he wearing ?
what is the max speed
what is the name of the mentioned company ?
what is the name on the image ?
what number is on the first skiier's vest ?
can you tell where either bus is going ?
|what brand is the electric oven ?
what does the sign in the grass say ?
what is the jersey number of the player about to cross home plate ?
which letter is on the largest button ?
what does the side of the truck say ?
what is helmets name
what team does the batter play for ?
what is the name of the photographer for this picture ?
where is this bus going ?
what word is to the right of "oil" ?
what word is to the left of "oil" ?
what word is located between "gulf" and "products" ?
|what is the bank of the atms name?sainsbury's|
what kind of meat is this ?
what brand is this ?
what is the expiration date ?
what is the first word on the sign behind the bus ?
what is the name of the road at the bus stop ?
what is the second name of the boat that can be seen ?
what is the suffix of the boat that has a name on it ?
what are the first two initials of the boat that can be seen ?
what is the mileage on the car ?
which brewery makes the hop czar ?
what type of beer is hop czar ?
what kind of animal is in this image ?
how much does each hat cost ?
what street number is on the door to 1st dental ?
what number is written on the vehicle ?
what section of a store would this be considered ?
what brand is listed on the 'fresh take' product ?
what brand of cream cheese can be recognized by its gray colored container and its white logo with blue writing ?
what are the first three letters of the word printed on the wall in the background ?
what is the primary color of the cap ?
what is the number on the gundaroo ?
what is the number on gunning ?
what name has no number to it ?
what is the name of the airline written on the plane ?
what is the written on the red bird logo of the plane ?
what is the first four characters of the license plate ?
what is the fifth character of the license plate ?
what is the last two characters of the license plate ?
what is the name of the brand for the eraser ?
what is the red type on the front book ?
what is the name written on the caboose ?
what is the number on the wall next to the ladder ?
what animal is next to cow
what is the name of the mrs.
what brand of beer is pictured ?
which red traffic sign is next to the tree ?
what city is written on the green sign ?
carpools and what other vehicles can travel on the left lane ?
what is written beside the sr520 section of the black sign ?
what is written on the t shirts in this photo ?
what is the brand name on the product being held by the person in front ?
what is the name of the game on the orange sign ?
what does that sign say ?
what bank is across the street ?
what is the name of cehicle on the road ?
which department does the truck belong to ?
what is the truck no ?
what does the sign above the door say ?
what is the first word in the sign ?
what is the last word in the sign ?
what does the sign say ?
what is the name label on top
what is the starting year
what is written on the jacket
what letter is visible on the center
what does the yellow sign say ?
what is the name of the watermark ?
what is the website listed ?
what is the number of the photo ?
what is the brand of the plane ?
what brand of water is on the table ?
what is the first word written on the wall ?
what is the second word written on the wall ?
what is the third word written on the wall ?
what letters are written to the left of the large blue sm ?
what word is written underneath the blue m ?
what is written before the word floss on the banner ?
what is the street name on the lower street sign ?
what numbers are listed on the lower street sign ?
what is this traffic signal ?
what does this street sign say ?
what is the largest word on the gold book in the top left ?
what is the word to the right of the a ?
what airline does the plan fly for ?
what four letter word is at the bottom right of this image ?
what is the model number of the computer ?
what does the white card say ?
what is the website shown in the image
what numeral is on the right-hand side of the poster ?
what numeral is on the left-hand side of the poster ?
what store are the bikes outside of ?
what grades does the friend's school service ?
what is the club name
what kind of clud given
what are the visible letters on the green bottle ?
what shape is this
what color is the refridgerators ?
how many refridgerators do you see ?
how many chairs do you see ?
what is the word reapeated on the greet wall ?
what web address given
what is written on the wings of small jet ?
what code is written on the small jet ?
what is the website listed on the side of the plane ?
what is written in white on the lower right of the photo ?
what is written in blue on the white sign ?
what number is being represented ?
what color are the letter ?
what brand is the bread ?
what is the percentage off sale printed on the glass window ?
what street is the man crossing ?
what is the bus number ?
what is the name of the road
what movie franchise is this person a fan of ?
what color are the letters in the bounding box ?
what color is the shirt ?
what year is being indicated in the bottom right ?
how old is christian turning ?
who is this cake for ?
what team is featured in the photo ?
what is the team mascot ?
what city is on the jerseys of the players in the dugout ?
to the right of the man what does the sign say on the building ?
what does the red and white sign say on the yellow pole ?
if i was looking for a camera for $1249 what brand would be that price according to the ad ?
what is the name of the atm shown ?
what street is on the street sign ?
what airline is this ?
what is written on the yellow truck ?
what car is this coach pretending to be from the writing on the side ?
what is the orange and white bus labeled as ?
name the country that forms part of the word in this food market ?
what is the email address for this photo ?
what is the first name for the owner of this photo ?
what is the last name for the owner of this phot ?
what store is this ?
what is the word written in black on the left of the green sign ?
what city is named on the sign ?
what is the name of the street ?
what is the company name stated on the pick-up truck's siren ?
which airport is the bus going ?
what is the max power
what author is listed at the top of this book cover ?
what is the title of this book ?
what is the seaplane's identification number ?
what is written on the red sign ?
what is the first name of the photographer ?
what does the hanging sign say ?
what foods are listed for sale by the vendor ?
what is the name of this candy ?
what is the name the board shows
who does this medical service belong to ?
what is the name of the car
what brand is this product ?
how many grams are in this package ?
what is the 4 digit number on the picture
what is the date listed on image
how many eyes dose the boy have in the image
who made this cosmetics case ?
what city is on the side of the bus ?
what number is on the front of the bus ?
what is the name mentioned on the image ?
what it is ?
what flavour is it ?
who took this photo ?
what year was the photograph copyrighted ?
what is the name of the limited company mentioned ?
what text is at the bottom of the picture ?
what is the id number of the yellow locomotive ?
what three letters are fully visible below the pine tree shape ?
what three letters are visible above the pine tree shape ?
what is your parking zone ?
what is your parking space ?
what is written on the babies shirt ?
what is the bottle's main brand ?
what are the innitials listed on the side of the train ?
what is written on the plane ?
what sport are they playing ?
what is the first letter of the word on the tower ?
what number is on the big black and red kite ?
what year is on the swimming caps ?
what is the name of the visible street ?
what is the text on the yellow sign ?
what is the red text on the white box ?
what phrase is written under the soap dispensers ?
what word is written on the remote ?
what three letters are written on the side of the train ?
what path is near by ?
what is written on the side of the truck ?
what do i do ?
what does the text on the top of the logo read ?
what leters are listed on the sign ?
what's the name of this shopping center ?
what is the name written in the white font ?
what color shirt is the toddler wearing in the picture ?
which animal is there in photo ?
which type of elephant is it  ?
what street name is posted on the yellow sign ?
what date is shown on the yellow sign ?
which turn does the sign tell you not to take ?
what is the number posted on the train engine ?
what is the year shown on this picture ?
what letter is displayed within a red circle on the truck cab ?
what is the truck's license plate ?
who does not stop ?
what does the sign say ?
what is written above the bicycle ?
what is the code on the bottom of the image ?
what business is shown ?
what country is this in ?
what is the last yellow word on the teal sign ?
what is the word before dogs ?
what is the brand on the milk in the fridge ?
what does it say on the white bottle with the blue lid ?
what should a car do when it reaches this sign ?
what is the last word on the circular sign on the right say ?
name of cafe ?
what percentage is on sale ?
what is the first name of the person who took this photo ?
what is the last name of the person who took this photo ?
what is the word that comes after the person's name on this photo ?
what is the company name on the building ?
what time is on the clock
what is written on tv
what would you find turning left ?
what is present on wall post
what is the written on white plate
what is the name on the sign in red ?
what do the three letters under the head say ?
what are they doing with the tastes ?
what does the surf board say ?
what is the brand of motorcycles ?
what is on the white part of the motorcycles ?
what letters are on the orange motorcycle ?
what is the catcher's first name ?
what is written in the middle of the image ?
what is the website written at the bottom of the image ?
what are the first four characters on the red car's license plate ?
what is the abbreviation for the united nations ?
what is a common long distance running race ?
what word can be seen ?
what does the sign in the picture say ?
what number is in the red circle on the sign ?
what is the name at the bottom of the sign ?
what is the word under the red circle ?
what is the dial pointed to ?
what is the name of the store at the corner ?
what team is the batter from ?
what website is listed above the dugout ?
what bank is advertised in the dugout ?
howmany grams of fat in the meal
how much sodium in the meal
what number is the batter ?
who is the person in the black ?
what is the brand of the ski's ?
when was this event ?
what letter is on the orange trains ?
what does the picture say ?
where is the bus's next stop ?
what is the brand of the liquor ?
what does the red and white sign say ?
what number is on the bus ?
what number is on the cover of the blue book ?
what type of food is sold here ?
what type of store is this ?
what website is listed on the image with the dog ?
what is the name on the red banner behind the hourses ?
what is being displayed under 14:27 in the black box ?
what year is shown in the top left hand corner of the image ?
what is on the paper ?
how many questions are on the paper ?
how many questions have been answered ?
what is the top most number ?
what is the number under the world variable ?
what event is this ?
what is the bus number
what is the theme of the bus
what is the website to find out this product ?
what is environment message written on the bag ?
what t-shirt brand is the boy wearing ?
what brand is the skateboard ?
what is the train number ?
what animal is referenced on the front of the van in the middle of the circle ?
what body part stinks according to the door sticker ?
what is the name of the street ?
what is the name on the building ?
what word is written on the red bus ?
what store is that ?
what brand are they advertising on the sign ?
what size are the apples on the left ?
what unit of weight is used for the apples' pricing ?
what type of vegetable can be seen behind the apples ?
what does the billboard say ?
what public office position is wendy gilchrist running for ?
what trail is the man on ?
what color are the trees ?
what is the flavor of this k-cup ?
what state are the players shown from ?
what is the letter on the sign ?
what is the color of the letter on the sign ?
what is this picture about ?
what word appears in green on the soda cans ?
what does the sign say ?
what kind of plane is this ?
what number is on the bottom of the plane ?
what 4 letter word is written in red on the motorcycle's windshield ?
what does the right most book say ?
what type of stop is this ?
what is written on the plane
what is written on the umbrella ?
from what company is this boat ?
how many km is posted on the sign ?
what kind of road is ahead ?
which service are the motorbikes from ?
what year is the wine ?
what kind of road sign is this ?
what are the two street names on the top signs ?
what is written in front of the building ?
what is painted on the lane to the far right ?
what capacity does this beer jug hold ?
what city is on the front of the train ?
what number is on the tracks at the bottom right ?
what is embroidered on the coach's chest ?
what is embroidered on the coach's ball cap ?
what is the jersey number of the boy wearing a blue batting helmet ?
what is the word inside the brown logo box on the coffee cup ?
what is the red word written on the white cup in the upper right corner ?
what brand is in white letters repeatedly on the blue ribbon ?
what is the airline ?
what street names are there ?
what is the number of the door to the left ?
what is the number of the door to the right ?
what are the two words in the biggest font ?
what is the brand name ?
what is the name of the cake shown in bottom corner of photo ?
who was the cake made "by" (shown in bottom corner of photo) ?
what is the vehicle's license plate ?
at what time on september 20, 2009 was this picture taken ?
what word is on the sign that says "to" ?
what is the numer listed on the sitcker on the windseild ?
what is the sign board instruction ?
what is the name of the store pictured ?
who are the names on the cake ?
what kind of sign is this ?
who should stop ?
what company does this plane operate for ?
what color are the street signs ?
what is the name of the beverage ?
what type of beer is this ?
where is the beer brewed ?
what is on the orange price sticker ?
what kind of syrup is in the bottle ?
what is the brand name of the syrup ?
what is the two words in yellow font ?
what is the name of the street shown on the sign ?
what block number is shown below the street name ?
on which days is it illegal to turn left ?
what direction can you not turn ?
what number is repeated rear the rear of the truck ?
what is the brand of the sewing machine ?
what is the middle word written at the bottom of the image ?
what is the white word ?
what is the number of the locomotive ?
what is written in bold print on the surf board ?
what label is at the top of the file cabinet ?
what is the name on the big sign at the top ?
what is the store name on the clock sign ?
what does it say on the controller ?
what system is this for ?
what does it say in grey ?
which ave is written ?
how many boats are in the picture ?
who makes this product ?
what is the name of the product ?
what is this product's main ingredient ?
did the kid just lick the cake like a dog ?
what is the terminal number ?
who provided the image ?
what is the bus number ?
what is the name on the sign on the left ?
what times are listed on the sign ?
what kind of stop is this ?
what is the word at the very top of the top sign ?
the name of the book on top of the stack is what ?
what is written on the magazine ?
what are the numbers, in order, on the front bumper of the military truck ?
what is the color of the fridge ?
what does it say on the bike cover ?
what word is written on the tray in-between the two small bowls ?
what is the sposor of this event.
what is the name of the event ?
what brand is this mower ?
what is the brand of the recycler mower ?
what community does this bus service ?
what does the yellow sign say ?
what is the cab number on this car ?
what does the right back door say ?
what brand is located on the box ?
who is this photo by ?
what is written on his shirt
what is the name of the store on the left ?
what store has a visible name ?
how many people are in the hallway ?
what is the website given ?
what color is the chord coming out of the black part> ?
what company owns the yellow and grey train car ?
what word is listed in blue ?
which holiday is indicated on the card ?
what does the second sign from the top read ?
what does the bottom sign say ?
which words are on a green sign ?
what us state is printed on the side of the airplane ?
what word is on the octagon shaped sign ?
what type of sign is on the exterior of the building ?
what is wrote on the red sign ?
what brand name is on the airplane in the foreground ?
what brand name is shown on the airplane in the center background of the photo ?
when was davidson college founded ?
which one is your street ?
which hobby involving the use of artificial lighting and powerful lenses is mentioned in the image ?
what is on the top sign ?
what is the page number ?
what is the name of the bird in the drawing ?
how many insects will a bird devour daily ?
what address is shown ?
which hotel does the sign direct toward ?
what color is the mask in yhe photo shown ?
what letters are on the wing on the photo shown ?
what is the name of the sponsor on the yellow sign, written in big letters ?
what is the name of the hotel on the black and white sign, to the left of the back baseball player ?
what is the store's name in the left ?
what year is written on the bottom right ?
what date was the photo taken ?
what is the name of the building ?
what text can be seen on the black sign ?
does tong palace serve dim sum ?
what time is no parking ?
how many computer screens are present ?
what is written on the white wings of the racing car ?
what is the name at the very bottom of the sign ?
what brand is the salad dressing ?
what type of salad dressing ?
what brand is the red box ?
what time is on the phone ?
what letter is on this man's pinky ?
what year was the photo produced ?
what is the last name of the photographer ?
who has taken this photo ?
what is written in the picture
how many calories are in this soda ?
what is the bus number ?
what is the name of the photographer
what number is on the plane ?
what is written on the blue and red plane ?
when is the ufc fight
what number written on the front of the motorcycle ?
what is the tagline of kenya airways ?
how many red are there ?
what saying is on the living room wall ?
which direction is showing here ?
what color is the big cup in the background ?
is the image light or dark ?
what years did these people die ?
what is the web address shown ?
what is the word in white capital letters ?
what is the word on the red sign ?
what can you do anywhere according to the picture ?
where can you learn according to the pciture ?
the battersea fun fair is open when ?
how many posters are on the bus ?
what is written on the parking meter ?
what does the red sign say ?
what are the first four letters of the name of this store ?
what is the brand name on the umbrella ?
what kind of person can drink up to 3 gallons of water daily ?
how many cups in 3 gallons ?
what is written on the sign ?
what colors are the flowers ?
how many road closed signs are in this picture ?
what does the sign say that is directly below the stop sign ?
what is the name of the comic company ?
who sponsors the clock on the court ?
what is the first character in the 6 character sequence written in red on the plane ?
what is the brand name
what style of rule is this ?
which photographer shot this photograph ?
on what website can this photograph be found ?
what is shown in this picture ?
which flavors is o this body wash ?
what jasmine absolute inspire ?
what big number is written on the top black panel ?
under what company logo  does the number 209 appear ?
where is this located ?
what year ?
what magazine is this ?
what is the word written on the ball in this image ?
what is the tag number ?
what is the top city on the sweater ?
what is the second city on the sweater ?
what is the third city on the sweater ?
what two words are beneath stevie ray's ?
what are the first three letters below the word no ?
what are the two words above live music ?
what is the percentage off sale printed on the red sign to the left ?
what is the number on the front of the train ?
what is the name of the building the train is passing by ?
what words are written on the green skateboard ?
what is the name of the newspaper ?
what is the word at the top of the doors to the right of the image. ?
what is the word on top of the helmets ?
what is the address on the building ?
what brand is advertising the sunglasses ?
what does it say on the baby's bib ?
what is the sign of bus refer
where is the bus standing
what color is the inside of the star ?
what number is featured on the first tank ?
what is written here ?
what does the purple text say ?
what is the first yellow letter on the bus ?
what is the name at the bottom ?
how much is parking per hour ?
what does the top left image say ?
what does the top right image say ?
what is the bottom right image/choice ?
what city is on the girl's shirt ?
what is our body filled with ?
you're supposed to keep active, and take what ?
what is the last word we can read, in the last paragraph ?
what is the number on the  yellow sign ?
what is the first word on the sign ?
what is the name of the airline written on the airplane ?
what company is on the side of the airplane ?
what is the name written on the jet ?
what word is on the child's bib ?
what is the brand name on the bottle ?
what does the bottle contain ?
what is the number on the right-most sign of the image ?
where is the bus traveling to ?
what is the bus number shown on front corner of bus ?
what is the name of the bus company ?
what is the name of the building on your left ?
what is the name of the building on your right ?
what is the name of the neighborhood  ?
who is the owner of this meat market  ?
what words are on the boys shirt ?
what is the roman numeral on the cart ?
what is the name of the cart ?
what number is in parentheses ?
what brand is the sandal ?
what word is at the bottom of the bookmark ?
what is the name of the brand of the shown device ?
which year is written on the sign ?
what is the street name on the sign ?
what is the name of the store in this picture ?
can an american look away from their phone ever ?
what is the website on the car ?
what does the store sign say ?
what does the ground say ?
what is the name of the train ?
what is the sign of board reference ?
what team is listed on the jersey with number 4 ?
what is the name of the city on the collared shirt ?
what city is named on the pennant above the dodgers jersey ?
what month is written on the website's banner ?
what year is written on the website's banner ?
what is the title of the lottery ticket ?
what brand is being advertised ?
what is the sponsor name wirtten on the wall
what numbers are on the front of the train ?
what is the number of the train ?
what is the street name on both of the signs ?
what hotel chain is being depicted ?
what does the red text say on the white sign ?
what does the black text on the white sign say ?
what does the red lettering on the sign say ?
what are the numbers that follow er ?
what are the white words on the black background ?
what is the black word on the yellow background ?
what kind of gas is being pumped ?
what is written in red capital letters on the bottom ?
what name is in the lower right ?
what is the last word on the bottom right ?
what type of train car is shown ?
what brand is the shorter appliance ?
what number is shown at the bottom of the page
what is the street name ?
what is the set of years for this piece ?
what number is on the sign sticking out from the shops ?
what does the scale display ?
what is the street name ?
what are the two sets numbers at the bottom on the right ?
what color is the truck ?
what brand of soap is on the bottom right of the image ?
what team is the man wearing red on ?
what number is on the back of the man wearing blue ?
what is michael's last name ?
what is the web address in the bottom left corner ?
what is the first name of the player on the big screen jumbotron ?
what is this shop called ?
what email address is written on the orange poster over the shop ?
what is the street sign ?
how old is the woman
what word is in green letters
what word is in blue letters
what is written on the side of the car ?
what city is listed on the elephant ?
who's memory is the laugh factory honoring ?
what highway is this ?
what does the electronic sign at the front of the bus say ?
what brand is the tennis racket ?
what model is the tennis racket ?
what is the brand of the white plane in front ?
what does the clock say ?
what word is visible in the image ?
what is the food word on the white box ?
what brand is the remote shown ?
what is the bus number ?
where is the bus going ?
what is the license plate of the bus ?
what name is on the photo ?
what is written on the sled ?
what letters are printed in the sign next to the person walking ?
what is the number in the circular signs on the windows ?
what word appears on the upside down box lid ?
what letters are on the wall near the computer ?
what is the name written on this building ?
what is the letter and number visible on the blue sweatshirt ?
what number is the minute hand pointed to ?
what number is the hour hand pointed to ?
who is the photographer of this photograph ?
what is the number of the bus ?
what is the license plate of the bus ?
what is the destination of the bus ?
what is the brand name on the box to the upper right ?
what number bus is this ?
what date was this picture taken on ?
what is written in bold print  ?
what is printed on the upper right corner ?
what is the last name of the artist ?
what type of sticker is on the crib ?
what is the first name listed ?
what is the second name listed ?
what is the third name listed ?
what type of pie is on the right ?
who took the photo ?
what is the name of the station ?
what does it say on the side of the box next to the sandwich ?
where are we ?
where would you like to visit ?
where do you want to go for a walk ?
what do the green words say ?
what does the yellow word say ?
what do the pink words say ?
what is written in a side of the left train ?
what is the team name displayed in the jersey ?
what is this player's number that is on his jersey ?
where is the bus going ?
what is the floor made out of ?
what is the name of the plane in this picture ?
what is the store on the left ?
what is the name  of the street
what brand of sneakers are those ?
what is written in blue neon ?
what number forms part of the name of the shop in this image ?
what is written on the bus ?
what does this note want people to stay off of ?
what word is on the front of the yellow train ?
what number is on the side of the red train ?
what letter is on the small signs beside the train tracks ?
what word is below stop on the sign ?
what is the license plate number on the red car ?
what is the name of the company on the sign ?
what is the companies slogan ?
what is the word on the back of the boat ?
what is the brand of the motorcycle ?
what is the top word in the large print on the banner ?
which state is listed on the street sign ?
which block number is light blue house located ?
when is no parking allowed on the street in front of the telephone pole ?
what meal is in the package ?
what is the name of the coach shown ?
what does the sign on the tree say ?
what are the letters on the front grill of the bus ?
what date was this photo taken ?
what does the bottom right logo say ?
what does the large text at the top of building say ?
what is the number present in red t shirt
what is the number present in black t shirt
what is the name of the street ?
what is written in white ?
what is the name of the red store ?
what does the red store sell ?
what is country name
what is pobreza ?
what question is asked on the front of the left hand envelope ?
what is the brand on the left hand envelope ?
what is written on the side of the truck ?
what is the number listed on the mailbox ?
what kind of office is printed on the building ?
what kind of currency is listed above  the leftmost arched window ?
what percent is on the sign ?
what does the sign read ?
what brand of dealership is pictured ?
what is written in number plate
what is present in car
what is the make of the motorcycle ?
what is the number located on the gas tank of the motorcycle ?
what does the sign in yellow say ?
who is the truck manufacturer ?
what day is displayed onscreen ?
what time was the picture taken ?
what is the flavor of the middle meal ?
what brand is the computer ?
what size is the laptop screen ?
what object do you see in the picture ?
what terminal is this ?
what is the name of the boy's book ?
what is written under the crossed out p sign ?
what is written under the two sloping arrows ?
what does the sign with the left facing arrow say ?
what team flag is flying
what color is the street light ?
what is the logo for the first shop ?
who holds the copyright for this image ?
when was this photo taken ?
what does the awning on the store say ?
what is on the bus ?
what is the name of the store in red ?
what is the license plate of the bus ?
what is written after "wedding" ?
what does the traffic sign says ?
what number is on the pitchers jersey ?
what is the modifier for the tigers ?
what is the name of this trolley bus ?
what is the name of the company in the blue bar ?
what type of headquarters is listed on the truck ?
what number is this bus ?
what is the license plate number of the bus ?
what store is on the left ?
what does the sign above the entry say ?
what four numbers are written o the side of the bus
what does the front of the bus say ?
what are the last two letters in the rear license plate ?
what does the shop sell ?
what is the train number ?
what 3 letters are on the building ?
how many knives are in the picture ?
what color is the handle of the knives ?
what is the website at the bottom right corner ?
what is this trains number ?
when should a driver stop as directed ?
who is the photographer ?
what do the first two words say on this photo ?
what does it say in the middle ?
what is the last thing listed ?
what is the man eating ?
what is brand
what name is found on the side of the vehicle ?
what identifying number is on the vehicle ?
what is the capacity of the vehicle ?
what is one of the symptoms this product says it will help ?
what is on the top sign ?
what is the yarn type ?
what is written on the flag ?
what is the number display on the flight
what is the name of this motel ?
would the sheriff notice if the young boy climb on his motorcycle ?
what does the yellow sign say ?
what is the company name of the building on the right ?
which number goal test is this
how many questions are there
who first spoke the of the iron curtain
what institution is shown on the seal ?
what does it say in the sign that has a red circle ?
what are the words above the entrance
what is the number on the batter ?
what is the number on the umpires arm ?
how much is the slice of pizza ?
what is the last word on the sign ?
what word is next to the zombie ?
what letter comes after prepared ?
who is this photo by ?
what type of vehicles are not allowed past ?
what text is above the person's head ?
what color is her shirt ?
what is the train number ?
who took this photograph ?
what time was the photo taken ?
what year was this photo taken ?
what was the day of the month ?
what does it say on the cake board ?
what is the phone number for meter problems ?
what is written on the first shirt ?
what is the name of the street ?
what is the name of the batter ?
what number is the batter ?
what is the jersey number of the pitcher ?
which road in the picture intersects with my road ?
what year was this picture published ?
what is the name of the phone on the placard ?
who is the cake for ?
what is the maximum value of measurement
who supplies ethnic foods ?
where is associated buyers located ?
who has bakery supplies ?
what is the number in the upper left window of the train ?
what is the title of the table ?
what number is on the player leading off of first base ?
who compiled the book of songs ?
how are the british folk songs described ?
who does this truck belong to ?
where can u see numbers ?
where can u see the number "12" ?
what does the shaded sign say ?
what is the brand name on the gray shirt ?
what color is the word nokia ?
how many pitches has the pitcher thrown ?
what are the words written in bold on the red sign ?
what gender do you see in this picture  ?
what is the name of the store front  ?
what hand is she holding the phone with  ?
what does the sign say ?
who is holding the sign ?
what is written in yellow on the side of the bus ?
what is written on ground fence ?
what does the sign say ?
what is written on the side of the box ?
what is the name of the food truck ?
what does the food truck sell ?
what is the price of hose 'a' ?
what color is the umbrella ?
what color is the stand ?
what bodily fluid is the motorcycle carrying ?
what is written on the white sign on the motorcycle windscreen ?
what are the letters for the license plate on this aircraft ?
what is the number of the back car ?
what is the liscence plate of the school bus ?
what hotel is this ?
what is written on the snowboard ?
what are the letters in red font
what letters are in white font
what is the name of the bus lines ?
what is the bus number ?
the bus offers what during rides ?
what is the make of the bus ?
who took this photo ?
how long can you park here ?
what is the name of this food entre ?
what food do the bikes deliver ?
what letters are visible of the sign on the far right of the image ?
what is the first word of the colorful banner ?
what year is printed under the left wing on the aircraft ?
what is the brand name of the walki talki
what is the brand name of the blue device ?
what is the name of the spread next to the croissant ?
what is the first word on top of the bus ?
what is the second word on top of the bus ?
what company name is on the wall ?
what is the pharmacy
how many ounces on the measuring cup ?
what word in white letters is right under the word understanding on the left ?
what is the title of the powerpoint slide ?
what is a website about tennis ?
what sport is she playing ?
what is the price of a bagel ?
what is the type of sign shown ?
what is the second word in the top sticker ?
what should someone do at this sign ?
what brand is this device ?
what do the letters spell ?
what is the first word of the circle ?
what is written on top of the card ?
what is the shop's name above the large glass display window ?
what does the sign on the ceiling read ?
what does the sign say ?
what does the poster underneath the sign say ?
what is the number on the pitchers jersey ?
what number is in the top right corner of the phoen screen ?
what word is on the bottom left corner of the phone screen ?
what is the name on the package ?
what are the four letters visible to the right of the ramp ?
how many ambulances are in the picture ?
what color are the ambulances ?
what color is the sky ?
what website is watermarked on this image ?
what year was this picture taken ?
who took this photo ?
what is written on the green sign ?
which year this photo has been taken
what is the number of bus
name of the street on the sign ?
what is the brand name of the product shown in the photo ?
what is the top word on the yellow sign ?
what movie is now showing that features a girl on ad ?
what is the word on the box ?
which train is at the platform ?
which platforms are visible (two digit) ?
the text shown on top of the taxi closest to you reads what ?
what is the number located on the fence ?
what is written on the grey boat ?
what word is in black text on the yellow sign ?
what is the web address on the back of the bus ?
what is the website listed on the plane ?
what are the letters on the tail of the plane ?
what is the license plate number on the vehicle ?
what is writing in the board ?
what is the sport listed on the pad ?
what words are displayed in white lettering, on the blue sign pictured below the spectators ?
what words are in white lettering on the blue sign above the digital screen on the left ?
what word is in white lettering on the blue sign below the digital screen on the left ?
what is the name of the plane company ?
what does the visible sign say in the picture ?
what word come directly before madden ?
what does the blue sign say ?
why is ac on a fin ?
is ac a surfing brand ?
what does the first line of text say in the bottom right corner ?
what is written in red writing at the top ?
what year is written on the black book ?
what value dollar bill is on the floor ?
what is written on the bottle
what is the top left word in the image ?
how many ounces is the mustard bottle ?
what year was this photo taken ?
what is written on the image ?
what is advertised on the blue sign ?
what's the beginning of the telephone number ?
what are the names of the two women in the photograph ?
what year is this event and photograph ?
what does the text above the man's head say ?
what type of currency is shown ?
what value is the coin worth ?
what is the value of the coin ?
what brand is his shirt ?
brand of truck ?
what is this word ?
what does the woman's shirt say ?
what brand of appliance is the microwave resting on ?
what type of baseball bat is being used ?
what text is in the white box ?
what word is visible on the blue banner inbetween stands ?
what is the brand name advertising on the orange banner ?
what word is on top of the building ?
what color is the nokia sign ?
how many cars outside the building ?
what is red sign in white letters ?
why is parking prohibited ?
what kind of activity is allowed within the defined zone
what is the jersey number of the batter ?
what is the number on the uniform of the player with his back facing you ?
what brand name is listed on the red sign ?
what kind of yogurt is being eaten ?
what is written  on the jersey
what is printed on the side of the second plane ?
what collection is this from ?
what department is this ?
what is the first word on the sign ?
where is this located ?
what is the brand name of the mixing machine ?
what is the building number ?
what is the address ?
what is the abbreviation for number here ?
what is the name of the food pictured ?
code in the balloon ?
what is on the sticker
what brand beer is in the frig ?
what is written on the top of the car
what number is written
what is the name of the car
what does the winsheild say ?
what is the name of the toy store ?
in what state was this photo taken ?
what does the red sign say ?
what is the red bus number ?
where is the red bus going to ?
what is present in street sign
what is another side street sign
what type of vegetable is featured in the image ?
what is the name on the bottle ?
what is the number on the bottle ?
what protection is provided ?
what is the net weight ?
what grade is the product ?
how many current points does mayer/ramos have ?
how many current points does bhupathi/knowle have ?
what is the date at the bottom right corner ?
what is the first letter of the alphabet ?
what is the red arrow pointing to ?
what is the price of broccoli ?
what number is on the yellow tag beneath the apples ?
what letter is to the right of the j ?
what does the button on the bottom right say ?
what is the advertisement for in the background of the photo ?
what color is the stripe on the man's shorts ?
what is the name of the street ?
what warning does this sign give ?
what is the name of the hotel ?
what soda name is found on the christmas tree display ?
what year was the photo taken ?
what is the time on the watch ?
what is the name of the street ?
what is allowed from 9am to 6pm ?
what number is closest to the apple ?
what number is furthest from the apple ?
what game is going on ?
what does this sign read ?
which direction is road 32 going ?
which way is road 18 going ?
what is the number on the gun ?
what is the word closest to the trigger ?
how many pounds of ground beef are there ?
what kind of beef is it ?
what word is displayed in faded orange, on the sign ?
what words are displayed in bold blue lettering on the sign ?
what institution is listed on the sign ?
what is written on the sign on the right of the wall ?
where does this product come from.
what is the upper sentence in the logo ?
what type of law enforcement is this man ?
what is the first word on the wheel well of the motorcycle ?
what is the size of he valve ?
what is the name of the laptop the cat is sitting on ?
what kind of laptop is the pet lying on ?
where does the shop in this photograph say it's located ?
what is the name of the shop in the photograph ?
what is the number on the side of the train ?
what number is displayed next to the box crates ?
which word is written in red on the protester's sign ?
what is the name of website shown on side of bus ?
what is the first word on the building in the background ?
what is the second word on the building in the background ?
what is the last word on the building in the background ?
what is the name of the river ?
what number is at the top of the clock ?
how many cotton swabs are there into the package ?
what is written below the brush's brand ?
who is the photographer of this picture ?
what brand parts are visible on the partition wall ?
what is part of the catch phrase underneath the brand in the middle ?
who took this picture ?
what website is watermarked on this image ?
what are the 2 largest letters
what is the top number ?
what is the name of the restaurant ?
where do you order ?
what is one word on the boy on the left's shirt ?
what type of milk is listed in the image ?
what is the bus number on the orange stripe ?
what is the number on the bike rack ?
what is the bank sponsor in the back ?
what teams are playing ?
what name is one the truck
what is the name of the team he plays for ?
what does the hand painted sign say ?
what store is behind the tree ?
what airline is this ?
from what airline company does this plane belong ?
what is the event banner for  ?
what are the dates of the fest ?
who sponsored the blackbird ?
what does that sign say ?
what is written on the yellow sign ?
what is heather's last name ?
what is the word on the orange sign ?
which numbers are on the shirts of the men nearest the bottom of the picture ?
what word is found in orange ?
how is the word banana spelt on this sign ?
what sign is red ?
what brand is the bottled water ?
what is written in yellow on the red sign ?
what is written in orange on the white sign ?
what name is on the image ?
what time does the oven say ?
what is the first word on the black box on the left ?
what is the number printed on the back of the man hitting the ball ?
what color is the man on the phones shirt ?
what is the website listed ?
what time does the phone show ?
is it am or pm ?
what is the name of the street on the blue sign ?
what is written on the red sign ?
what number is on the blue street sign ?
where are people in line at ?
where are people eating at ?
the two people work at ?
what does it say in black letters on the left sign ?
what three letters are written on the top left ?
what color is the dot on the top right ?
what fast food brand is advertised ?
what number is on the pink sign ?
what is this hotel called ?
what does it say on the clock face ?
at what hour is the small hand on the clock ?
what is the name on the cow ?
what name is advertised on the green banner ?
what word comes after x on the bmw banner section ?
what is the name of the book
what does it say on the sign
who wrote the purple presentation book ?
what does the top line of the website say ?
what is the name of the purple book ?
what is the website address on the bottom of the image ?
what is brand
what does it say on this building ?
what is written in larger font on the train ?
what is the gold number on the horse's sattle ?
what team does the player catching the baseball play for
what number does the sliding player have ?
what is the name of the store ?
what is the sign of board reference ?
what is written on the building ?
what number is on the bus ?
what does the word inside of the red star say ?
which channel is telecasting this match ?
what is the name of he company printed on the truck ?
what does the sign say in bold letters ?
what number is shown on the player in the background's jersey ?
what type of box is to the left ?
what is the name of the first store on the left ?
what is the 3rd letter on the red rectangular sign to the right ?
what is the secondary color on the curtains ?
what color are the walls ?
what is the word that starts with f ?
what is the word in bold next to the sun logo ?
what is the name of the road on the sign ?
what is the logo on the wall ?
what is written on the stop sign ?
what brand of beer is shown on the pallet ?
what is the listing number for this home ?
what number is written on the right-most player's shorts ?
what is the brand of the forklift ?
what orange number is on the forklift ?
what number is written on this vehicle ?
what word is written on the sign ?
what type of beer is pictured ?
what is the shown brand of mustard ?
what is the name of the street ?
what does the red sign say ?
what word is written on the player's jersey ?
what does the sign say ?
what number is in the red box ?
what is the number on front of the vehicle ?
what are the four letters of the label on the bottom of the vehicle ?
what is on the truck in yellow ?
what is the first word on the piece of paper ?
what is the second word on the piece of paper ?
what is the last printed word on the piece of paper ?
what word is in yellow on the pillow ?
what does the pillow say ?
what bank is this atm for ?
who owns this atm ?
what is the year on the bottom of the mug ?
what is written on the top half of each mug ?
what is the brand on the yellow sign at the far left of this photo ?
what do the three men's shirts read together ?
whose back is turned toward you ?
what letter is embroidered on the center man's shirt ?
what is written in the middle of the wooden box ?
what state is the grill located in ?
how much is the discount ?
what is possible ahead ?
what is the brand of the black bike
what is the internet address at the bottom left of the image ?
what is written at the center of the image ?
what designer made the wallet ?
what is the word printed on the bottom half of the sign ?
what company is advertised o the upper left edge of the skate park ?
what company is advertised on the right ramp ?
what question is asked on the front of the building ?
what show is advertised on the second poster from the right ?
what is the number of the submarine ?
what is in the package ?
what make of car is advertised on the ski slope ?
what is the name of the website ?
what number is printed on the white skier's chest ?
which currency that has been adopted by many countries is only display in written form ?
what are the things selling in this shop ?
what is the figure number ?
who is the writer ?
what is the  bus number ?
what is the name of street
what is the distance mentioned
what is this machine dispensing ?
which way must you turn it ?
where is this bus going ?
what does the sign say ?
what is the company name shown at top of this building ?
which animal sitting on car
what color is the sign frame ?
what number is on the top right of the sign ?
how many stripes are on the leg of the sign frame ?
what letter is after st ?
what two letters come after the r on the street sign ?
how much are the bananas ?
what is the name of the banana brand ?
what is the name of the t-shirt company advertised on the banner ?
what company is on the sign ?
what bank sponsors this event ?
what does the white sign on the building say ?
what type of gasoline is he likely getting ?
what is the number of the ambulance ?
what does the middle of the sign say ?
how many buses are in the photo ?
what is the team name on the players jersey ?
what kind of vaccum cleaner is this ?
what brand is the snowboard ?
what word follows "coffee" on the sign behind the person ?
what is display on the board
what is written on the cap ?
what is written on the frontmost street sign ?
what company is the sponsor of the tennis event ?
what percentage of iron does this contain ?
what percentage of calcium does this contain ?
what brand is the stereo ?
what is the first word of the sentence pictured below ?
what is the first word of the tag ?
what president is mentioned on the sign in the window of the bus ?
what is the number of bus which is going towards left ?
what is the number of bus which is going towards right ?
which number is written on the door ?
what is the name in the corner ?
what sport is this ?
what number does "teixeira"'s jersey say ?
what are the largest two words on the box
what greeting is displayed on this photo ?
whick dirction is the bus heaede ?
what is the name of the bakery in the picture ?
what is the name of this meal ?
what photography company took this photo ?
what is the bus's number ?
what is written on the man's shirt ?
what is the main text of the banner written in blue ?
what is the hashtag being used on the banner ?
what is the name on the building ?
what number is listed in the picture ?
what is written on the white box ?
where is the sewing & quilt expo ?
what parking degree is the parking lot ?
what number is the arrow pointing to ?
what is the largest blue number on the device ?
what is first car number ?
what is the number before 60 ?
what is the name on white oval board ?
how much iron does this product have ?
what are the percentages based on ?
what vitamin has 4% in this product ?
what are the words at the bottom left hand corner of the image ?
what is the phone number for cedarsassist ?
who holds the copyright ?
what word is written in red on the right side ?
what are the first 5 letters of the word on the banner ?
what is written on the lower left corner ?
what is written on the black cart of the train ?
what is the first word written before "diego" on the cart to the far left of the image ?
what is the last word on the first cart? (cart on far left of image)
what does the sign in the left window say ?
what does it say next to the red honda sign ?
what street sign can be seen in blue ?
what way does the sign direct traffic ?
what color is the word breed ?
who is the manufacturer of this camera ?
what is the special feature of this camera ?
what color is the curtain ?
what is the street name ?
what is the sign number ?
what does the road sign tell you to do ?
which ramp seems the biggest  ?
what hour is it ?
who took the photo
what is listed inside the circle ?
what does the s in w&s stand for ?
which company does this plane belong to ?
what are the plane's id letters ?
what is the webaddress given
how many peoples on there
what is the name of the product ?
what is the english word that is written in blue ?
what company made the device on the top ?
what word appears on the digital display on the bottom device ?
which room has a long curving sofa ?
in which room are the curtains drawn closed ?
what is written on the train engine ?
what is the big lettered word written at the bottom of the wall's poster ?
what four letters do you see on this man's shirt ?
what store is the shopping bag from ?
what team is playing ?
what is written on the yellow sign ?
what number is on the batter's jersey ?
what larger bottle is show in the picture
what number is on the shirt of the catcher ?
what is the phone number for questions ?
what is the model number ?
what is the brand ?
what is the name of the restaurant ?
these passages illustrate the differences betwee luxemburgish and what language ?
what website is affiliated with the picture ?
what are the initials of the brand of this slide rule ?
what is the model name of this slide rule ?
what word is written backwards on the front of the suv ?
what is written in blue on the roof of the suv ?
what is the car number ?
what color is on the car the most ?
what is written under the bagels in french ?
where are the bagels made ?
what color are the flowers ?
what website is advertising the fashion products ?
last two letters of the brand of the truck
what game is being played in this photo ?
what team do the two leftmost men represent ?
what kind of train ist his ?
to which public service department do these bikes belong ?
what is the first word on the sign ?
what is the second word on the sign ?
what are the letters inside the circle below the sign ?
what does the sign on the bike rack say ?
which single letter is above the driver's window ?
where online can you find more information about this bus company ?
what name is on the white, larger plane ?
what phrase is at the top of the image ?
what phrase is at the bottom of the image ?
what is the text written at the bottom of the image ?
what is the name of the brand on the top of the fence ?
what does it say on the mans t-shirt ?
what did bobby hate when growing up ?
which airliner is this plane from ?
what is the brand of cassette tape ?
what side of the cassette is shown ?
what number is the hour hand of the clock closest to ?
what kind of clocks made with according to the sign ?
what are the two letters on the rear plate of the leftmost motorcycle ?
what movie is this for ?
who created this ?
what does it say under watchmen ?
what is the large word in bold print at the to of the page ?
what does the white sign say ?
what is the date of the photo ?
what celluar company is used for the blackberry ?
what version is the blackberry ?
what is the name on the top of the booth ?
what does this sign say ?
what brand is the satellite dish ?
what number is the cafe ?
what is the street number of the dentist ?
what is the engine number
what letter is written on side
which sign mentioned on the board ?
what flavor is green ?
what flavor is purple ?
what flavor is yellow ?
what is the phrase on this building/
what type of business is located in the left side of the picture ?
what does the bear on the left do when thinking of you ?
what would the bear on the right like to give you ?
what is the website on the bottom right hand corner ?
what is the last 7 digit number on the box ?
what does the sign say in the picture ?
what is the name of the store ?
what car brand is printed on the man's shirt ?
what is the name of the business ?
what number is written on it
what word is printed in red ?
when is the store having its grand opening ?
what is the volleyball sitting on ?
what is he doing in the picture ?
what is the tag number on the front of the bus ?
what is the bus company ?
what does the street sign behind the bus say ?
what is the street name ?
how many lightposts are there ?
what is at the corner of hyde dr.
what is on the red sign ?
what tournament is going on ?
what is written underneath the score board ?
what is the name of the insurance provider behind the player ?
what number is under the windshield of the teal and yellow train ?
what words are written on the orange vests ?
what number is displayed on the bus ?
what is the speed limit posted in the rear of the riders ?
what is the brand of the coffee ?
what is the name of the mustard ?
what is he doing
what does the last two letters at the top left say ?
what is the name of the boat attached to the dock ?
what numbers are shown on the boat attached to the dock ?
what is the brand of this item ?
how many ounces is this container ?
is this sweet or white corn ?
what does the text in the upper left corner say ?
what team is this ?
what does the red street sign read ?
where does the black street sign below the red stop sigh point to ?
where does the black street sign at the bottom of the sign post point to ?
what company does the central pictured airplane belong to ?
what does the leftmost sign say on top of the cabinets ?
what does the rightmost sign say on top of the cabinets ?
what is written on the bottom plate ?
what is the printed word on the mans shoulder ?
who owns this stock image ?
how many players are there on the picture ?
what letter is on the child's hat ?
what word is on the toy truck ?
what word is under the wheel of the toy truck ?
what is the manufacturer of the disc changer ?
what disc is currently playing ?
what is the number for more information ?
what is the website listed on the motorcycle ?
what is the red four-letter word on the top of the motorcycle
what is the blue word underlined in red on the side of the cycle ?
what is the name of the first stick on the left ?
what is the number on this glass of beer ?
what is the name of the hospital
what is the street name on the top sign ?
what word is written below the stop ?
what is the name of the company printed on this photo ?
what does the text at the bottom say ?
what is the number of the train
what is the first word listed on the big white sign ?
what year is listed on the table ?
who crafted the table ?
what is the first word of the lettering below the lizard ?
what is the license plate of the car ?
what word is written on the letterboard beneath the store's sign ?
what is the cigarette brand advertised on the higher of the two ads ?
what is the cigarette brand advertised on the lower of the two ads ?
what name is on the wall sign ?
what are the first two letters of the first word ?
what type of sign is in front ?
what is the name of the street ?
what does the sign say ?
what does the further away store sell ?
what is the number on the player's jersey
what is the name on written on the player's jersey
what is the name of dead one
which family are they
wgat is the name shown
what kind of business next to the dairy products ?
what service do the babrber shop render ?
what is the name of the barber shop ?
what color of buses are there besides red ?
what number bus is the green bus ?
what is the speed limit for cars ?
what is the speed limit for trucks ?
what street is the taxi on ?
what street is perpendicular to madison ave ?
what words are found in the arrow on the street sign ?
what flavor are the cheetos ?
what is the partial shirt print of the person on the right ?
what is printed on the person's shirt in the middle ?
what is the sign of t-shirt refer
which number is used to refer
what is the  bus number ?
where is the blue bus going to ?
what is written in front of the blue bus ?
what is the imprint on the yellow pill ?
third person name
what does the storefront say ?
what word on the book starts with the letter s ?
what word on the book starts with the letter m ?
what word on the book starts with the letter g ?
what are the numbers on the blue sign ?
what is displayed on the women grey shirt ?
what number is on the woman's t-shirt
what name is on the woman's t-shirt
what type of camp is listed on the t-shirt
what color is the phone
what is the name of the building ?
what color is the roof of the building
what color is the door of the building
what is the text on the red wall below the sandwiches ?
what state is in the image ?
what is the name on the screen of this bus ?
the brown arch is for which venue ?
what slogan is used on this sticker ?
what does the sticker advise you to do if you don't fasten your seatbelt ?
what is written on the blue background behind the people ?
who is the message being sent to ?
what time is it according to the phone ?
what style is this product ?
what are the years on the building sign ?
what is written on the side of the white van ?
what numbers are on the tag hanging in the vehicle ?
what is a group of musicians that come together to perform ?
what is an electronic device used to receive waves sent over the air ?
what brand of item is this ?
what does the back of the yellow jacket say ?
what the the first line of the license plate read ?
what the the second line of the license plate read ?
what school district does this bus belong to ?
what is the name of the street on the right on the image ?
what is the abbreviation written after both gore and clinton ?
what is the name of the street on the left of the image ?
which computer brand sponsors this tennis match ?
which bank sponsors this tennis match ?
what are the first two initials in the website tag ?
what is the name of the shop ?
what words are displayed on the left half of the sign at the top of the image ?
what company name is displayed on the right half of the sign at the top of the image ?
what sport are they playing ?
what is the second word on the sign ?
what does the white sign say ?
what number appears before the word brighton on the bus ?
what is the name of the sponsor for this tennis match ?
what is the tag number ?
what number is on the green traffic sign ?
what type of tv is this ?
what is the date of this photo ?
what letters are on the number 2 button ?
what letters are on the number 5 button
what letters are on the number 4 button ?
what is written on the black banner ?
what is the name shown in image
what is the number shown in image
what is the big letter name on the motorcycle's front glass ?
what type of emergency vehicle is this ?
what word is on the back end of the boat ?
what number is on the front of the boat ?
what appliance is mentioned in the sign in the cubicle ?
what is the name in the board
what big red letter is displayed on the cereal boxes ?
what is the word on the tv ?
what is the name of the shop
what is the name of this cargo train ?
what numbers are written of this train ?
what type of meat does this package contain ?
what is one vegetable in this meal ?
what utensil is pictured on the package ?
what letters are under the license plate of the jeep ?
what is written in bottom left ?
what number is the photograph ?
which model of vw car is this ?
what is the licence plate number of this car ?
which place does turning left lead to ?
what color is the car in bottom left corner ?
what letters are on the catcher's back ?
what number is on the catcher's back ?
what is the name on the side of the plane ?
what is the number on the red part on the right of the overhanging sign ?
what is written on the green part of the overhanging signboard ?
what can be seen displayed on the blue portion of the sign hanging overhead ?
what does the height marker say at the bottom
what does the height marker say at the top ?
what street is behind the people ?
what does the sign with the arrow say ?
what is the name of the musical instrument ?
what us state is named on the instrument ?
what city is named on the instrument ?
what is the brand of the product ?
what is the name of the store that is having a sale ?
what number is inside the boat ?
what is the name of the game this man is showing with his phone ?
what is the license plate of the car directly in front of the driver ?
what company is the white-blue-red plane from ?
what is printed on the box at the top of the photo, that indicate the flavors of the product within ?
what is written on the man throwing the ball's t-shirt  ?
what does the sticker on the laptop says ?
which sport activity is this boy engaged in ?
what is the registration plate of the car ?
what number is printed on the top right corner of the bus ?
who is the photographer of the image ?
what word is on the sign ?
what number comes after 10 on the sign ?
what does the read sign tell you to do ?
what are the letters on the right side ?
what are the first two letters ?
what is written in the corner of the photo ?
what is the second word listed ?
what is the first five letters of the third word ?
what color is the front of the train ?
how many calories per serving are in this food ?
what is the first word in yellow on the wall ?
what is the name of the shop pictured ?
what is the number on the sign ?
is the  brand snowbird is clearly displayed on the photo ?
how many stages are there ?
what are the letters on the tail of the plane ?
what are the letters/numbers underneath the plane ?
how many candles are there
what is the car's license plate ?
what is the word on the mug ?
what brand of car is shown on the sign ?
what is the name of the airline ?
what type of bus is this ?
what are the words printed at the bottom of the picture ?
what is the motto ?
what is in the white box ?
what color is the lettering on the bags? a: red
how many surfers are there on the beach ?
what is the text on the bottom right of the image ?
what is the name on the building ?
what color is the building ?
what word is on the side of the plane ?
what does the pink on the far left say ?
letter on chip bag ?
what brand is this baking mix ?
what is the title of this book ?
who is the author of this book ?
what is the first word on the shirt ?
what does the t-shirt say ?
what word is in the red oval ?
what kind of cars are mentioned in this t-shirt ?
what is written on the truck ?
what number is on the bus to the right ?
what number is on the red bus ?
what number is on the green bus ?
what time is displayed on the phone ?
letters on hat ?
what time it is ?
who photographed this bird ?
what is the first large word in yellow ?
what does the book say ?
what sign refer
what is written on the left sign ?
what is written on the right sign ?
what is the name of the hotel on the sign ?
where is the train going to ?
what is the sale in the store on the right ?
what state is this wine from ?
what animal is on the bottle ?
what color is the label ?
what airline is shown in the picture ?
where is the bus going ?
what is brand of oven
what is cooking
what does the green sign say ?
what is the building called ?
what is the name of the truck ?
what company name is printed on the side of this train ?
what's rail name  ?
what does the red letters on the sign say ?
what does the watermarked logo say ?
what is the lane number ?
what is written on the wall ?
who is the sponsor on the background ?
what brand of refrigerator is being sold ?
what color is the shirt shown in the image ?
what is the number on front bike ?
what is the bus number ?
what is name of restaurant
what is the number on the batters jersey ?
what is the description number for the motorcycle
what does the neon sign say ?
how much are limes ?
what street is listed on the blue sign ?
what are the instructions for ?
what is the yellow box of ?
what is the purple box of
what is the name on the green sign ?
what website is printed on the picture ?
what word does this sign spell ?
what car manufacturer is sponsoring this match ?
which words are written in all capital letters ?
what word is typed in black instead of tan ?
what is moules a la creme ?
what are some of the appetizer choices ?
what ar ethe 3 letters on the license plate of the blue truck ?
what is the letter and 3 visible numbers on the license plate of the trailer ?
what store is on the left ?
what company owns this photograph ?
how much time is left on the clock ?
what number is on the very bottom right corner of the score board ?
which company's name appears on the red tent ?
what number is the player in green ?
what is the number of the player named 'young' ?
what word appears repeatedly in the border of the triangle under the front pilot ?
what is the board shown in image
what is the sign of car reference ?
what airport is the shop located ?
who is the proprietor of the shop ?
what brand of whiskey is advertised about the shopper's head ?
what word is located on the front left side of the picture ?
what is the license plate number ?
what is the message on green sign displaying ?
what is written on the green sign ?
what is written on there
what do you call the art of taking pictures ?
what do you say to someone before you go to sleep ?
what is it called when you legally protect a written, or produced work of art ?
what is the first name listed n the copyright ?
why can't you put stuff here ?
what is the name on the building on the right ?
what is the brand of the watch in this photo ?
what year was this picture taken ?
which product is in focus ?
what are the numbers listed on the school bus ?
what is the parking timeframe ?
what is the name of the event ?
what word appears in blue in the bottom corner ?
what is the website listed ?
q: what is the license plate of the truck  ?
q. how many people standing on road ?
q.what is the color of the car ?
what is the license plate number on the truck
what is the troop number on the uniform sleeve
what can you see on sale for 1.90kg ?
what word is on the building with the green roof
what is shape
who made this photo ?
what does the black sign say ?
what does the red post say ?
what is the word underneath "max's village" ?
what business says "we buy & lend on gold" ?
what is the first word of the bottom line on the rightmost sign ?
what word is inside the red hexagon on the sign ?
what is the website displayed ?
what is on the boys racket ?
what is on the girl on the ends racket ?
who is listed as starring in three of the comic books ?
what no. is the comic from may-june 1954 ?
what is the date of comic no. 107 ?
what does this image say ?
what is the first word in the lower right hand corner ?
what does it say in white ?
what do i need to add before cooking this ?
is the person in the image a man or a woman ?
what type of pasta is used in this meal ?
what is the image tag ?
what is the name of the brand ?
what word is the largest in size ?
what are does the drinking glass say ?
what is the instruction mention in the board ?
who's time is it ?
which alphabet is on truck ?
where is the train going
what is the title of the book on the bottom of the stack ?
what is the title of the book on the top of the stack ?
which game is happening here ?
does any team wearing white color jerseys ?
what is the name of the markets ?
what is the word listed at the bottom of the game controller ?
what is listed on the screen of the mobile device ?
what does the blue section under the yellow rectangle sign say ?
what is the name of the restaurant in the picture ?
what is the scent called on the front bar of soap ?
what is the name of the scent for the foam soap bottle ?
what word can be found twice in this image ?
what is the third word on the paper ?
what time is written on the top left ?
what is the name of the website on the computer screen ?
what is the name of the website on the computer ?
what word is at the peak of the room ?
what website is listed at the peak of the room ?
what is written on the front of the kiosk ?
what is printed on the blue section of the rectangular sign ?
what is the first part of the website address ?
which country is shanghai located in ?
which country is dhaka located in ?
what number is being indicated by the marker ?
what is the name of the book store ?
how many people are in the picture ?
what is the person using ?
what is this
what is the buss identification number
what is the text on the man's shirt ?
what word is under "anti" ?
what is the website for the advertisement in the photo ?
what is the telephone number ?
what number is on the frontmost skier ?
what number is on the skier in the orange ?
what does the text in red on the front skier's jersey say ?
what is the number on the jersey ?
what kind of shop is in the picture ?
what brand is written ?
what letter is displayed in the sign ?
what is the number displayed in the sign ?
what day is shown on the sign ?
what number is on the bike ?
what is the name of the road that crosses in front of the silver car ?
what does the red & white sign say ?
what is the website on the image ?
what is the name of the boulevard on the black sign ?
what is written at the bottom corner of the picture ?
what kind of drink is pictured ?
what is the first word at the top of the bus ?
what is the name of this fruit ?
what we can  made from strawberry ?
what is written in yellow text  ?
what does the sign on this picture say ?
what is written on the photo ?
what is the watermark over the frog ?
why are they obsessed with this word, "love" ?
why is there a number ?
what date was the photo taken ?
what type of food is pictured ?
what brand is the punching bag ?
what bank is shown in the picture ?
what is the number of the bus ?
what does the sign outside the shop say ?
word on dumb sign ?
what is the company name printed on the truck ?
what is the bus' company name ?
what is the bus number location on top of the yellow mirror ?
what date was this photo taken ?
what is the license plate number of the red bus ?
what is the first word of the title of the book on top of the stack ?
what is the street name displayed on the sign in the foreground ?
what is written on the green shirt ?
what is the info board describing about the enclosure ?
what is the name behind the tennis player ?
what does it say on the black sign on the left ?
where is the right pointing arrow directing you towards
what number is seen on the window and door ?
how many people are seen in the image ?
what point is in the image ?
what county maintains these roads ?
what road can you take here if you get off of 265 ?
what road can you take here if you turn off of 144 ?
what is the name of the second mall shop ?
what 3 letters are on the blonde girl's shirt ?
what letter is above the store on the right ?
what colour is this ?
what airline name is stated on this aircraft ?
what brand is the red motorcycle ?
what is the license plate of the motorcycle ?
what name is listed on the bus ?
what is written on the side of the bus ?
what is the largest word listed on the product ?
what does the bike say on its side ?
what clothing brands name is on the sign sitting on the ground ?
what is written on the cup ?
what does the red sign say ?
what does the bottom sign list ?
how often does the ferry boat come by ?
how many cars are in the image ?
what color are both cars ?
what brand name is printed on the laptop ?
what does the sign inside the store say that begins with a p ?
what is written under parrot ?
what does this arrow direct people to ?
what is the bus route number ?
what is the brand name of the controller ?
what is the model number of the controller
what kind of controller is this ?
what is the name of the street
what is the name of the city
where is bullhead city located
who took this photo ?
what is the brand of the blue and white plane ?
what is the name of the time ?
what is the day this picture was shown ?
what utensil does the slogan in the bottom ask you to grab ?
what brand are the skis ?
what is written on the package
what is the first word listed in the corner ?
what is the middle word listed in the corner ?
what is the last word listed in the corner ?
what is the train number ?
what is on the front of the helmet ?
what is the name on this case ?
what is the numeral on the train ?
what is the notice on the board read on the building ?
which website is shown on the screen ?
what brand is the drink ?
what is in the black bowling pin ?
what is in the white bowling pin ?
what address is written in yellow ?
what company toothpaste is shown on the image ?
what is printed in red on the van ?
what is the alpha numeric code on the green boat ?
what is handwritten on the arrow ?
what number appears on the street sign ?
what name is on the store ?
what is the brand name on the tennis back next to the player ?
what airline is on the plane ?
who made this ruler ?
what is the letter on the wall ?
what is the copyright year of this photo ?
who owns the copyright to this image ?
who has the copyright to this image ?
when was this photo taken? (check the copyright.)
which airline does this plane fly for ?
what is the word under the crossing ?
what is written on the train car ?
what is the number written on the train
what is the name of dolly parton's book ?
what is the name of the market ?
what does the tv say ?
what's on the screen in front of the cat ?
what brands are pictured here ?
what is written in black on the parasail ?
what sport are they playing ?
what color is the shirt of the guy standing ?
what word is at the bottom of the sign ?
what feature on a vehicle might secure it from being driven off ?
what is the first word in the company name on the truck ?
what is the name of the airline ?
what is the name of the number 8 player of fuball-club bayern mnchen ?
what is the name of the restaurant ?
what type of restaurant is it ?
where is it located ?
how much are the fat free brownies ?
what flavor are the long johns ?
what is the brand of the airplane ?
what is the name in the bottom right corner ?
what country is represented in this photo ?
what sport is being shown in the picture ?
what color shorts is the player wearing ?
what is the main color of his shirt ?
word after bus ?
what is printed on the bottom right ?
what is the middle cow's tag number ?
what word is in the upper left corner ?
where you save your money
17th letter in alphabeth
what does the license plate say ?
what is the bus number of yellow bus ?
what is the destination of yellow bus ?
where is this bus going ?
what is written in backside number plate
how much is the fine ?
what is the topmost word on the right ?
what does the street sign say ?
what kind of vegas ?
what does the orange lettering near the bottom of the menu say ?
what names are displayed on the darker blue sign behind the bench ?
what does it say on the blue sign in the background ?
what track numbers are shown ?
what box is this ?
what is the name of the jewellery ?
what number is written in yellow ?
who is the writer of season songs ?
what is the photographer's name shown in bottom left corner of photo ?
what kind of business does lester chung have ?
what precious metals are being sold ?
what type of business is being advertised ?
what phone is the number listed on the white sign ?
what function going on there ?
what is the sign reference in board ?
what is the company who's name is on the building
what does the image watermark say
where is the bus going to ?
what is the year of the copyright ?
what number is the red bus ?
what does the text say at the top of the photo ?
what is written on the wall
what is written between 'durango' and 'silverton' ?
what number is written at the base of the smokestack ?
who owns the copyright for this image ?
what is the player's number ?
what is the player's name ?
what does it say on the front ?
what is the name of the brand ?
what does the sign say ?
number on plane ?
what is the second word listed on the advertizement to the left ?
what is the word in the blue sign ?
what word follows grand
what type of animal is on the sign ?
what is the name of the product right next to the flower ?
what is written on the back on the motorcyclist's jacket ?
what is the motorcycle's license plate number ?
what does the license plate on the van say ?
words in bottom right ?
what is the general name of the animal that the person in the front is riding ?
what is written above the pot ?
from the umbrella's printed words, what is the main name ?
what is the brand of the orange bus ?
what is written on the top of the orange bus ?
what two letters are used on the runway ?
which letter is closest to the airplane on the right side of the image ?
what kind of drink is being servered here ?
what shouldn't you do when you see this sign ?
where is the blue bus going ?
what numbers are on the front of the vehicle ?
what rail road does this kiosk service ?
what is the brand name on the printer ?
what is written on the sign ?
what team does the player play for ?
what number are the bills ?
what road is on the sign ?
what number is on the jersey ?
what is the player's last name ?
what is the type on the front of the screen ?
what color is the building ?
what is the last number on the barcode ?
what are the big letters on the sign of the truck ?
what is being eaten ?
what year is on the competitor's shirt ?
what name is on the tablecloth ?
what city is advertised on the bus ?
what business name is on this building ?
what is this book called ?
what is the title of this book ?
who wrote this book ?
what is the name of the beer with the gold top ?
what is shown on the lower portion of the street sign ?
what designer is this ?
what is the word on the camera lens top ?
what is highlighted in yellow on the image ?
what word is in the yellow box with the pink outline ?
what option is between projects and irc chat ?
what is the option all the way to the left ?
what is the name of the game this lady is playing ?
what is the word on that indicates the name of the game above the tv screen ?
what does the sign right on top of the stop sign say ?
what does the words above the metal door read ?
what does the words below the light read ?
what does the first word below nenette read ?
who are the subjects of the pictures ?
how many toothbrushes are in the cup ?
what is written on the motorcycle ?
what does the right sign say ?
what does it say under 'established 1785' ?
who owns the train cargo boxes ?
what is the batsman name ?
what is the batsman's jersey number ?
who is the sponsor for the match ?
what kind of teddy bears are these ?
what time is displayed on the stereo ?
where does this milk come from ?
what are not used in treating this milk ?
what does the top of the cover say ?
what does the bottom of the cover say ?
what number can be found closest to the middle of the plate ?
what is the highest number in the picture ?
what number is closest to the edge of the picture ?
what is written on the building ?
what word is on a blue background on the left ?
what appears on the right on a red background ?
what three letter word begins the website name on the right ?
what is the brand of the wetsuit the child with blond hair is wearing ?
what phrase is written on the surf board the child with blond hair is holding ?
what is the number next to the word finchley ?
what is the word under highgate ?
what numbers are on the hydrant ?
what words are displayed on the drink container ?
what is the first sentence on the sign ?
what is the train number ?
what is inside the yellow boxes ?
what is the name of the store on the far right ?
who is the mobile carrier ?
how many calories are in a serving of this food ?
what is the serving size of this mix ?
what is the name of this business ?
what is written on the blue banner ?
what is the name of the dog in the image ?
what date is mentioned in the image ?
what are the letters and numbers listed on the top of the train ?
what are the letters of the train company ?
how many years of service does the cake commemorate ?
what does one parent tell the other parent ?
what text is written in the bottom left corner of this image ?
what does the text read on the red paper ?
what is in large letters on the cup ?
what is the name of the shop ?
what avenue does it say on the green sign ?
what words are written inside the blue and white sticker ?
what is the name on the box ?
what does the sign say ?
what is the name of this station ?
which airline is the plane ?
what is the first word on in blue ?
what written in the bus ?
what number is above the minute hand ?
where is this train travelling to ?
what is the train number shown at the top of the train ?
what is the serial number of the train ?
what does the first line of yellow text on the sign say ?
what does the second line of yellow text on the sign say ?
what does the third line of yellow text on the sign say ?
what is the name on the sign ?
what is name of the shop on the right corner ?
what is the first name listed on all three dolls ?
what price is the sheet being offered for ?
what directions should you stop from when seeing this sign ?
what does the blue sign on the left say ?
what word is at the top of the object ?
what word is at the bottom of the object ?
what type of school is in this building ?
what is the number written on the bus
what sports team is on the front of the players jersey ?
what two letters are on the baseball cap ?
what is the name of the bar and grill written on the left hand corner of the image ?
what type of transportation is in this picture ?
what color is the store front ?
what is the telephone number to this business ?
what is carved into the pumpkin ?
what year appears on this image ?
what is the flavour of the donuts ?
how much do the plain glazed donuts cost ?
what is the name of the corner store ?
what number is on the train car ?
what letters are on the train car ?
what is written on the surf board ?
what 3 letter word beginning with the letter "o" is found on the green sign ?
what word that begins with the letter "r" is on the same sign as the word "oak" ?
what kind of sign is the big octagon ?
what address number is here ?
which country is scrawled on the mailbox ?
how many people are in this picture ?
how many hats are in this picture ?
how many frisbees are in this picture ?
what is the word at the top of the building ?
what letter is before gay ?
what two directional letters are above the arrow ?
what kind of turn signal ?
which word in the picture represents somewhere where you would find art work ?
what is the name of the street ?
what is dalryman's title ?
how many holes are in the circle ?
what is the make and model of the phone ?
what road sign is there
who is love on the heart-shaped poster ?
what word is on the front fender of the motorcycle ?
on the sign above the police person's helmet what are the words in the top red section ?
what words are read both before and after "underground" ?
what does the front of the bus say ?
what does the top of the bus say ?
which country does the soccer player play for ?
how many tracks are there in this picture ?
how many trains are in this picture ?
where does ana 1y appear in this photo ?
what is the brand of the microwave ?
what is this building used for ?
what year is listed on the frame on the wall ?
what is the number on the traffic light  ?
what is the name in the corner of the image ?
what does the sticker covering the apple logo read ?
what does the bottom left sticker read ?
what animal is pictured ?
what color is the top of the sail ?
what is the first word of text on the crest ?
what airline is this plane for ?
what is the kind of bus on the children's book in the upper right corner ?
what is the title of the piece ?
who created it ?
what year was roman, inc. established ?
what number is shown on the top front of the red bus ?
what is the license plate number on the red bus ?
where does the sign on the front of the bus say it is headed ?
what is the name shown in image
what is written on the nameplate of the train ?
what is written in white on train ?
what is the name of the shop ?
what is written in red on the sign ?
what is written on the top yellow sign ?
what is the place on the left called ?
what is the company called
what does it say on the sign
what is the name of the airline ?
what is written in black ?
what country is the plane from ?
who manufactures this drink ?
what number is on the fire truck in the foreground ?
what is the phone number on the white truck ?
what is the name on the white truck ?
what is the title of the book ?
what's the number in the red dot ?
what is the phrase displayed in white lettering on the sign ?
what is the name of the first player listed in yellow lettering ?
what is the name of the second player listed in yellow lettering ?
what is the name of the kids store ?
what is the number on the train ?
what letters are written on the side of the train ?
what letters are in the company logo ?
what is the first word on the sign ?
what is the second word on the sign ?
what is the last word on the sign ?
what is the web address ?
what does the top left corner read ?
how many meals are in this photo ?
who's copyright is on the photo ?
what is next to the copyright ?
what is located inside ?
where is the atm located ?
what do you call these teapots ?
what is written on the side of the engine ?
what word is listed on the smaller boat ?
where does the sign say turning left goes to ?
what is written on the sign ?
what is the name of the restaurant in this picture ?
what street is this photo taken on ?
what is the % off ?
what number is the player ?
what does the sign above the door say ?
who manufactures this product ?
what comes after hp ?
what is the brand of the hair dryer ?
what is first player's number ?
what brand is on the red and black tshirt ?
what is the english name of the store ?
what does the sign say ?
what is the brand name of the calcium supplement ?
what spice is the maharajah ?
what is the bus district ?
the hermann safe co is made in what location ?
what city is mentioned on the safe ?
what word is in red ?
how many ml are in the can ?
what is the word listed in white on the red rectangle ?
what branch of the military is represented on the man's blue hat ?
which is the place ?
how many trains do you see ?
what country's name is seen on the ad that has expect more ?
what is written on the top where turkey is seen ?
what is the fruit mentioned in the posted ?
what is written on this board ?
what is the web address listed at the bottom ?
who copyrighted this picture ?
what is the first word on the blue sign ?
what color is the boat ?
how many people are on the boat ?
in which year was the picture taken ?
what does the graffiti just in front oof the bicycle say ?
what is the number printed on the front of the boat ?
what does the sign above the alley say ?
what does the green sign say ?
what is written on the vehicle ?
what is the contact number for wsi ?
what does the license plate read on this vehicle ?
what is license plate number
what does the license plate say ?
what is the letters on the tail of the plane ?
what kind of signs are these ?
what airline operates this plane ?
what does the street sign say ?
what does the large sign say ?
what number is found on the front of the train ?
what is written on the red sign ?
what does the street sign say ?
what walks by this sign ?
what means be careful ?
what three letters are printed at the top of the sign ?
what branch of the military is mccoy in ?
what is written on the side of the bus ?
what is the bus number ?
what type of business is behind the bus ?
what hotel is this clock for ?
what is the last word found on the vehicle ?
what is the first word found on the vehicle ?
what is the middle word found on this vehicle ?
what is the name located on the building ?
what color is the silk sign ?
how long does it take to cook these chicken bites in the oven ?
what is the second word on the blue sign ?
what is the number of the train ?
what does the red sign say ?
what is the license plate on the red car ?
what year is date stamped on the photo ?
what brand name is displayed on the face of the analog clock ?
what city name is displayed on the face of the analog clock ?
what is written on the  waste bin ?
what is the big letter on the green sign ?
what store is on the right
what is the name of the populare perfume shop shown in the picture ?
what is color number 1 ?
what animal are the animal crackers in the shape of ?
what city and state is this river crossing taking place ?
what word on the shirt is followed by an exclamation point ?
what number is this ?
what color is this ?
what city is this ?
what year was this photo taken ?
what full name comes after the year 2013 ?
what is the brand of the dipping sauce next to the carrots ?
what is the name of the church
what is the name of the book ?
who wrote the book ?
what is the warning on the sign ?
what does the traffic sign say ?
what is the bus license plate ?
what number is the bus ?
where is the bus going ?
what pole is mentioned on the back of the truck ?
what is the type of pasta in the package ?
how many minutes should the rigatoni be microwaved ?
how many grams are in the package ?
what is the name on the road sign ?
what company is on the banner ?
what is written on the green sign ?
what is the name of the court on the green sign ?
what is the name of the store in the picture ?
what is the date written on the photo ?
which is the street number ?
which is the abbreviation for avenue ?
what type of cheese is in the bag ?
how many calories are in a serving ?
what is a good site for pictures ?
property that belongs to you is ?
how can you see all of the pictures ?
what letter is on the top row of the grey motorcycle's license plate ?
what is the name of this street ?
what is written  on the red bottle
is the store open or closed ?
what brand is the blue truck ?
what is the id number on the blue truck ?
what is the label on the blue boat ?
what movie is protrayed on the child's tshirt ?
what number is at the top of the clock ?
what is the name of the airline written on the side of the plane in the foreground ?
what is the name of the bookstore to the left of the man in the foreground ?
what is the word on the yellow cart ?
what name is watermarked on the photo ?
what brand is the monitor ?
what is the name of the sponsor company ?
in the top right corner what two letters can be seen ?
what is the name of the street ?
what does the crown say ?
what would you say is taking place in this particular area ?
who is responsible for the sign ?
what is the number of the radio station ?
what is the first word on the tag ?
what letters are written at the the bottom of the stop sign ?
what does the yellow sign say ?
what text is written on the man's shirt ?
what text is printed on the novelty button ?
what number is on the bus ?
which field of study is on the green sign ?
what is the year on the gravestone ?
what is the month and day on the bottom of the gravestone ?
what is the month listed on the stone ?
what is the website of the photographer  ?
what is written on the brown truck ?
what brand is listed on the truck ?
where can i find out more about the tennis event ?
what is the slogan on the side of the rail car ?
what company makes the rail car/
which region is written on the rail car ?
what is the skier's number ?
what sports group does the skier represent ?
what is the number on the players jersey ?
what are the visible letters on the front of the jersey ?
what is written there
what is the name of the airline ?
what bus number is the red bus ?
what store are the buses passing ?
what number does the white top bus have ?
what is the first word written in black ?
what type of event is this ?
where is this event taking place ?
what is the website listed ?
what is the brand name of the surf board ?
what is the name on the surf board ?
what is the word on the red piece of equipment ?
what model code is written on this machine ?
what word comes before ".com" on an advertisement near the left ?
what three words are below 'toray' ?
what symbols and words are next to the kneeling person wearing aqua ?
what text is listed in white on the black square ?
what number is specified on the inside of the weight ?
what are the numbers on the track on the cake ?
what is the name of the culinary center ?
where was this photo taken ?
who owns the image ?
what is the word at the top of the red jersey, of the man holding the ball ?
what does the text say ?
how many computers are on the table ?
what is wirttine on the hydrant
what is the street's name ?
what is the soda advertised on the fence ?
what is written in the mall entrance ?
what color is the whistle ?
what does the shirt say ?
what ype of fruit is in the name of the product fourth from the left on the bottom shelf ?
which institution is depicted in this image ?
what number is in blue on the white jersey ?
how much the sweet purple caulli is ?
what is the name of this drumer ?
what is the number assigned to this bus ?
what ad is behind the bus ?
what is the name at the top of the building ?
what is written on the green t-shirts top line ?
what does the white sign above the store say ?
what name is showing in machine
what type of vessel is named on the blue shirt ?
what country is this bus from ?
who is the photographer ?
what platform is the motorcoach stationed at ?
what city is being toured ?
what location is the bus traveling to ?
what size if batteries were in the packaging ?
what letter is on their hats ?
how is the valley called ?
what is  the lane name of the top sign ?
what is the name of the photographer who owns this image ?
what will their sandwiches make you do ?
what is the name of the food truck ?
what is written on the upside down sign ?
what word is below mx ?
what number is the leading skier ?
who is the sponsor on the skiers shirts ?
what colour is the mans shirt eating the ice cream ?
how many dogs are in the picture ?
what is the woman wearing on her face ?
what is the word written on the side of the cars ?
what does the bottom most sign read ?
what is the name of the airline ?
what colors are on their symbol ?
how many planes are there ?
what does it say on the red pole's sign on the left ?
which year given
what is the full website address on the bottom of the image ?
what season is that ?
what holiday is advertised on the glass ?
which word starts with a red letter ?
where is superdry located ?
when is superdry open ?
where is the bus going ?
what does the building say in the bottom right ?
what is the name of the bus service ?
what name is written on top of the bus ?
what fuel is allowed on this machine ?
what's the phone number on the side of the vehicle ?
what is the name of the food truck ?
what is the number on the front of the train ?
what should be done prior to use ?
what does the suitcase say ?
what license plate would come out if you take the first letter of these two words "in, house"; following the number 7330
what is the name of the hotel displayed on the white material
which magazine cover shows a girl in a red bikini ?
what magazine is shown on the bottom half of the entrance door ?
who may turn right ?
what kind of turn can be made ?
what is the number on the red car ?
what does the green sign say ?
what is the number on the batters jersey ?
what is the street number of the building in the background ?
what is the building on the bottom sign on the left of the post ?
what is the brand name ?
what letter is written on the front ?
what is written on the green board
what city is on his shirt ?
what is the city written on the door of the truck ?
what kind of food is pictured in the photo ?
what brand is the stuffing mix ?
what is written on the white wall ?
which type of camera in the image
what is volume of this container ?
what is inside container ?
which company is on this container ?
what animal is listed on the back of the truck ?
what name is displayed in white lettering, on the right side of the sign behind the back tennis players ?
what is the place named in the title of the book ?
what is the name of the bird ?
where this picture was taken ?
what type of services can be bought in this photo ?
what shoe brand is in neon lights ?
which racket sport is mentioned on the t-shirt of the lady in the image ?
where is the bus terminal located ?
what is the name you see on the name board ?
what color is the tablecloth ?
what type of phone is it ?
what does the folder say ?
what is the first word on the front shelf ?
whose diner is displayed in the image ?
what is the address number on the front of the building ?
what is the sign tell you to do, in english ?
what is written on the white hanging banner ?
how mans watts is the hair dryer ?
what is the name on the batter's shirt ?
what is the number on the batter's shirt ?
what is the brand on the blue cup ?
what does the sign on the door say ?
what does the green writing say above the open door ?
what company is a major sponsor of this tennis tournament ?
what is the title of this magazine ?
from what month is this magazine ?
from what year is this magazine ?
what is written on the first line of the letterboard ?
what brand is the red truck ?
what does the top sticker on the computer say ?
what is the time shown ?
what is the special sale deal ?
who's having the special sale ?
what is the word printed on the driver-side door ?
what is the name of this resort ?
what is the name of the store in the image ?
what are the letters shown in the golden can ?
what is the train number ?
what establishment is to the right  ?
what letter is on the street sign ?
what is the name of photographer ?
what is this girl reading ?
what is the text in the upper left hand corner of the picture ?
what time it is ?
what does the green text say ?
what does the label read ?
who may use the binder ?
what are the first two numbers on the sign the rider is wearing ?
what is word on the second plane ?
what is the brand of the remote ?
what colour is the bus ?
what is the city name on the ground fence ?
what is the name of this player ?
what is the paint company advertised on the wall ?
what is written on the white sign ?
what does the bottom line say ?
what is the name and year on the bottom right ?
what is written across the black banner ?
what is the one-letter written repeatedly across the stadium ?
what is the number on the player's shirt ?
what is the letter written on the man's hat in the far left of the image ?
what is the name of the street ?
what is the first word in the line on the photo ?
what does the url say ?
what is the last name of the tennis player ?
what country is the tennis player representing ?
what cities are named on the sign in the background ?
what number in millions is behind the player in the background ?
what number is on the players shirt in the foreground ?
what is the url in the bottom ?
what is the number at the top of the car ?
what is written on the number plate ?
what country is written on the spacecraft ?
what number appears directly above the left-most motorcycle ?
what is the store's name in the left ?
what is the tail number on this plane ?
who are these people ?
what is the name on the sign ?
what words are in pink ?
what color is the outline of the sign ?
what is the name of one of the clothing stores in the mall ?
which country's name is shown on the wall ?
what number is the train ?
what is the shirt number on the girl that is jumping ?
what is the left white jersey number ?
what are the street names ?
what does the green star say ?
what does the box say ?
how many compartments are in the box ?
what holiday is it ?
which name shows up 2 times on the picture ?
what is the housenummer written on the picture ?
what is the name of the store in the middle ?
what store is shown in the center of the image ?
what is the sign of truck refer
what number given on truck
who is the copyright owner of this photo ?
which company does this shuttle belong to ?
what is the logo on the side of the drum ?
what is the first word printed in white on the red tag ?
what are the labels on the buildings ?
what does the sign on the top of the building say ?
what do you ask for when you are lost ?
what car company sponsors the stadium ?
what bank sponsors the stadium ?
what sports team is above the clock ?
what is the website for this tournament ?
what is written in turqouise letters ?
what word is on the octagonal sign ?
what is written on the album on the left ?
what brand locomotive is this ?
what is the train number ?
what number is the player wearing ?
what does the street sign read ?
what game is represented on this shirt ?
what does this person want you to do while playing frisbee ?
what might this person be going to do ?
what is the number of this building ?
how much is the clock ?
what is the top word on the orange construction sign ?
what is the bottom word on the orange construction sign ?
what is the name on the back of the player's jersey ?
how many planes are in the picture ?
what department does this building deal in ?
what word is written on the black stripe of the label ?
what type of coffee pods are in the picture ?
what word is upside down ?
what is the number shown on yellow section of the train ?
what is the number shown on the white section of the train ?
what are the two set of numbers shown on the train ?
what is the name of the person who took this photograph ?
what is the sign of plate refer
what is the word above tractors ?
what branch of the military sponsored this event ?
what is the time and date stated on the bottom left ?
what does the walkway on the right belong to according to the sign ?
what is written on the t -shirt
as advertised to the right, what is this building made for ?
what are the platform numbers shown in the pictures
what is the licence plate of the truck ?
what is the visible number on the skiier on the left ?
what is the second line of the add on the left
what is the number on the closest taxi ?
what is the time stamp on the bottom right of the picture ?
what text can be seen in this photo ?
what does the text surrounded by green say ?
what is the brand name of the shirt ?
what time is parking allowed on this street as shown by the sign ?
what is the letter on the sign ?
what is written in the middle of the picture ?
what numbers are displayed on the meter ?
what letters are displayed on the bottom of the meter ?
what does it say on top of the motorcycles front wheels, on the white panels ?
which number is written on the jet ?
which number is inside the small yellow square ?
what does the towel and bib say ?
what animal is shown ?
what is the color of the flowers on the glass ?
what is musical is being shown on the car ?
what number is on the tshirt ?
what is the first word in yellow on the black sign ?
what is the destination on the front bus sign ?
what does the sign say ?
who is the sign referring to, or protecting ?
which word is in a red circle on the newspaper dispenser ?
what does he want to do to the rich ?
what color are the poles ?
what word is written on the side of the building ?
what is the name of the railroad ?
what is written in red print ?
what is written in green print> ?
what is written on the blue suitcase ?
what word is in white letters on the blue display ?
what year is this glass from ?
what country is named on the magnet at the bottom of this photo ?
what store can be seen in the picture ?
what is the phone number ?
what letter and number in the bottom left corner ?
name of the business ?
what does it say on the building ?
what does it say in the bottom right corner ?
what is the first word on the building ?
what is the name of the store ?
what is the store name shown in the image ?
what type of sign is this ?
wii is made by who ?
what screen does the the little blue house take you to ?
what brand is on the box under the desk ?
what is the text below the spider ?
what are the last four digits of the car's license plate ?
what word is on the taxi's door ?
what year was this image taken ?
where am i ?
what is the name of this building ?
what does it say on the sewing machine ?
what number is on the gate to the left of the sign ?
what is written on the front of the white coffee mug ?
what is in the container with the red label ?
what is the name of the event ?
what airline owns this plane ?
what is the number on the center of the car ?
what is the word on the center of the car ?
what is the name written twice on the very bottom front of the car ?
what does it say on the hat of the cartoon ?
what kind of bank is it ?
what is the full name of the bank ?
what does this clock advertise for  ?
what are the eight digits before olympus ?
what word follows 20110108 ?
what comes after i-500 ?
what does it say on the sign ?
what kind of dessert is now open ?
what food is listed on the sign ?
what is the number for the player on the left ?
what year was this picture taken ?
what is the plane's number ?
what is written beneath ibm ?
what is the number on the batter's jersey ?
what word is after the heart ?
what is the train's number ?
what sport are the girls playing ?
what is the color of the players's skirt ?
what is the name of the second street sign ?
where is this lodge located ?
what key is to the right of the " key ?
what promotion is going on in the store on the left ?
what word begins with a in this picture ?
what word begins with l in this picture ?
what word begins with p in this picture ?
what does the door knob accept as currency ?
which number does the rocket have ?
what state is the license plate for ?
what is the license plate number for the car ?
what is the jersey number written on the back ?
what brand ?
what is the name of the perfume on the box ?
what name and letter is shown at the bottom left ?
what is the name of the restaurant ?
what is displayed on the big red sign ?
what is the name of the restaurant ?
what is the brand of the drink ?
what is the timestamp ?
where is the bus headed ?
what sticker is on the skateboard ?
what is the license plate on the white car ?
what phrase is displayed on the sign directly to the left of the man's head ?
what does it say below the freezer compartment ?
what is printed on the green poll ?
what year is on the bottle ?
what is the name on the bottle ?
what is the make of the car ?
what is the web address of the company sponsoring the car
what is the name of the airlines ?
what is the number at the front of the plane ?
what number is at the back of the plane ?
what type of food does the look ho ho restaurant specialize in ?
what type of intersection is pictured ?
what word appears in red in the top right corner of the white sign ?
what is the second word in the list along the right half of the white sign ?
what is the third word in the list along the right half of the white sign ?
what street is on the sign ?
what is the name of the restaurant ?
what name is found in this image ?
what is the url on the bottom left of the image ?
what is written on the black card ?
what kind of food is being sold ?
what is the name displayed on the green train ?
what is the number of the green train ?
what is the number of the near orange train ?
what is the name of the gasoline station in the picture ?
what gas company supplied gas to this vintage gas pump ?
what word is displayed in yellow script ?
what word is on the window display in the background above the car ?
what is the name of the grocery store ?
what words are in red lettering on the white sign on the right of the image ?
what is the yellow sign telling drivers that pass by ?
what number is displayed on subway ?
what kind of poision ?
what is the name of the pink bus ?
what is the name of the shop with the orange and green sign ?
what is the name of the player ?
what is the number of the player  ?
what is written on the parking space
what is the carton ?
what is the name of the restaurant ?
what is at the corner of center st. ?
what is the name of the donut shop ?
what does the white sign say ?
what may that crate contain ?
where are the grapes from ?
what brand of bananas is the man holding ?
what day is written on the black poster ?
what does it say on the side of the bus ?
what is the warning posted on the pole ?
what is the movie title on the billboard ?
when is the movie being released ?
what number is written on the side of the fire truck ?
what phrase is written above the number 11 ?
what is the price listed on the sign ?
what type of product is listerine mouthwash ?
what is the brand name of this antiseptic mouthwash ?
what is the flavor of this antiseptic mouthwash ?
what does it say on the front glass of the bikes ?
what is the name of the store ?
what is the big three digit number clipped to the cow's ear ?
what numbers are written on the side of the plane ?
what letters are written on the tail of the plane ?
what is written in front of the store ?
which store is shown here
what car company is a sponsor of the tennis event ?
what number is on the upper left side of the bus in the background ?
what is the bus number ?
when was this photo taken ?
what is the username of the person who took this photo ?
what street is this building on ?
what is the name of this restaurant ?
what is the name of he mobile phone ?
what is written on the roof of the bus ?
what is the number on the roof of the bus ?
what name is on the white box ?
what is the date of the image ?
what is the date shown on the picture ?
where is a place children learn
what information is shown at the upper left of the photo on the left ?
what information is shown at the upper left of the photo on the right ?
how much distance shadyside
what is the brand of the lotion ?
what is the brand of the lager ?
where is this tennis match taking place ?
what is by sk ?
who is petitplat by ?
what color is the word sesame in ?
how many aisles are there ?
what color is the shelving ?
what are the red numbers above the doorway
what sport is the man in blue playing ?
what is the first word of the name of the team playing ?
what type ofdrink is she holding ?
what is the name of the company on the front ?
what is the indicated number of this unit ?
what are the initials on the top of this unit ?
what number is the horse ?
what is the motorcycle's number ?
what is the type of sport written on this button ?
what is the name of the team ?
what is the brand of plane ?
where is this business ?
what are the letters on the green sign, at the left of this photo.
what jersey number is the pitcher ?
what brand name is on the skiers upper sleeve ?
what word is after the snowflake on the banner ?
what type of trousers are recommended on the yellow banner ?
what kind of phone service does metropcs provide ?
who took the photo ?
what is written on the building ?
what is the main colour of the bus ?
what is the bus number of the green bus ?
what is the bus number of the red bus ?
what is the destination of the green bus ?
what color is written on the building ?
what is the name of the red shop ?
what is written on the photo ?
what name is on the green sign
what sport are they playing ?
what are the words on the sign pointing to the left ?
what increments is the money in ?
what company makes theclock in the picture ?
who makes the clock
what color is the umbrella ?
how many blue and white striped chairs are there ?
what street number is on the right ?
the ____ story
what three letters does the boy have on his shirt ?
what is the maximum ml the beaker holds ?
what is the lowest measurement the beaker lists ?
what sport is being played
was this photo taken in the am or pm ?
what day was this photo taken ?
at what time was this photo taken ?
what is the middle pastry called ?
what is the name of this store ?
what does the sign the bear is holding say ?
what is the first word of the first paragraph ?
what is the last word of the last paragraph ?
what is not allowed on the premises
what time was this photo taken ?
what date was this photo taken
when was this image copyrighted ?
what is the number of the train ?
what brand is it
what word comes before "weight" ?
what brand of alcohol is served at this establishment ?
what model motorcycle is first in the row ?
what is the name of this puzzle ?
what is number 1 across ?
what is the number of the yellow bus
what is written on the boys shirt
what is the top word on the sign on the parking meters ?
what is the brand of pads ?
what is written on the engine ?
what street was formerly king street ?
what was the former name of 9 ave se ?
what is the name of the donut shop ?
who breaks the speed record ?
what name is displayed on the bike ?
what store name on the wall ?
what is the word/letter combination on the tail of the airplane ?
what does the red banner say attached to the building
what is written in blue letters ?
what are the visible letters on the jelly jar ?
what color are the walls ?
what is the left-most word on the top sign ?
what is the 3 letter word next to the mashed potatoes ?
what color is written near the carrots ?
what is written just below the brown square food ?
what is the sign of chair refer
what automobile company do these toys represent ?
what is the word on the red sign ?
what street are they on ?
what is the name of the bus company ?
what year is on the cake ?
what is the first ingredient ?
how many mg of sodium ?
how much protein ?
what does the red sign say ?
what year was this picture taken ?
which place does this event took place ?
which year does this event took place ?
which letters are on the front of the train ?
what brand of train is this ?
what letters are encassed in the red box on the front of the train ?
what is the 7 key used for ?
which key is the bottom most right ?
in what city is this tower located ?
what are the letters on the snowboard ?
what number is on the batter's jersey ?
what does the street sign say ?
what is the license plate of the red bus ?
she is what number ?
what is the name on the blue and white lift service ?
what is the blue word on the woman's skis ?
what is the first word on the woman's skis ?
what word describes "beverages" at the top of the sign ?
what digits are depicted in the clock ?
what color is the hardhat that one of the workers is wearing ?
what color is the sky in the image ?
what does the orange sign say ?
what is the number on the wall ?
what is the code of the left parking meter ?
how long does each meter allow one to park ?
what us state name appears on the brick wall ?
what word is between 'lightweight' and 'luggage' ?
what store is being advertised in this photo ?
what bank has provided atm's in this photo ?
what is the name of the store to the far left ?
what is the name of the bank shown on the glowing blue sign roughly in the center of the photo ?
what brand is the tomato ketchup ?
what is written on the magazine by the window ?
what is the price shown on the red 'sale' price tag ?
what color is the bus ?
what does the lisence plate read ?
what are the three letters on the right of the pink t-shirt ?
what is the name of this restaurant ?
what is written at the top left of the picture ?
what is written before tennis in the middle of the picture ?
what is written at the top right of the picture ?
what name is in the lower right corner ?
what does it say on the front of the bus ?
what does it say in large print on the side of the bus ?
what company made the boombox ?
what brand of orange juice is on the bench ?
what is the name of the store in green writing ?
what is the red bus number ?
what is written in front of the red bus ?
what is the feminine products brand ?
what is the slogan on the l'oreal advertisment ?
what does it say on the yellow sign in the bottom right corner ?
what is the license plate number ?
what is written on the sign
what date is on the fire hydrant ?
what whole number is beside the fraction 1/4
what word is on the banner in the background ?
what word at the bottom of the picture here is also used in a famous blondie track ?
what is the name of the transport company ?
what is the registration number on this car ?
what is the name of the store ?
what store is in the background ?
what is the pitcher's number ?
what number is on the orange sign ?
what sign is seeing on the way
what number comes after shepshed ?
what street is next to 1 ?
what district is this bus a part of ?
what is the brand of beer in the image ?
what is the street name on the sign ?
where does the sign point to ?
what word is in the upper left hand corner ?
what king of vehicle brand here ?
what is the name of this place ?
what is the name of the street ?
what is written on the crane limb ?
what does the bottle say ?
what is at the top of the red and blue poster ?
what is one of the letters in a blue square on the red and blue poster ?
the poster on the back wall lists d, r, a, b, _. what is the last letter/
what is the colour of the car
what company is advertised on the big black sign ?
what year was the photo taken ?
what year was this photo copyrighted ?
who does this photo belong to ?
what is the name of the line ?
what number is the car ?
what is written on the rightmost banner ?
what is 1+2 ?
what number is on the sign on the left ?
what does the side of the box say ?
what number is on the front plane ?
what is the food truck serving ?
what year is written in the top left ?
how many dogs are in this picture ?
what is the title on the display ?
what does the tag say ?
what profession does the motorcycle belong to ?
what i the name of the street ?
whats the name of this sandwhich ?
what is the country name given
what is the number on the girl with the blue helment and white shirt ?
what number is on the girl with the red helmet behind the pitching mound ?
what is the brand of lift ?
what is the english name of this bug ?
what is the license plate number of the bus ?
what type of shop in in this photo ?
how many "c's" are in the sign ?
how many "f's" are in the sign ?
what is the word at the top of each 3 green sign ?
what letters and numbers are on the top right blue sign ?
what is the translation on the right on besucher ?
what is the word on the stand under the laptop ?
what drink comes in this can ?
what color is the umbrella ?
what is the 3 letter word that is lit up ?
what letter is on the bottom of the bus ?
what is the number on the top of the bus ?
what letters are shown on the boat ?
what numbers are shown on the boat ?
what is the speed limit ?
what does the white truck say at the bottom
what is the first word on the top of the train ?
what website name is displayed in the lower right corner of the image ?
how many lights are on the back of this truck ?
what website is listed at the bottom of the image
what place (#) did the man in the red jacket win ?
what does it say in the sign below the stop sign ?
what does the watermark over the drawing say ?
what brand of soda is on top of the block ?
what is the number on the train ?
what is written on the toilet tank lid ?
what does the man's shirt say ?
what is the airline ?
how many planes are in the picture ?
what word is the white text on the mountain ?
what is the bus number ?
what does it say on the gas pump from the far left ?
what brand of beer is on the red ?
what does it say above "extra" ?
what is that a goat ?
what is this id number for this bus ?
what brand of computers are these according to the text written on them ?
what does the screen on the first laptop say ?
what brand is the computer ?
what is written at the top of the nearest screen ?
what does the watermark in the bottom right say ?
what is not allowed on the street ?
what are the initials on the back wall ?
how many years are mentioned on the back wall ?
what is the route number of the bus ?
what is the word at the top of the red door frame ?
what brand name is on the blue rectangle ?
what is thenumber of the tall bus ?
what is the red bus number ?
what is written in the down front of the red bus ?
this shoe belongs to which brand ?
where is the trading post ?
what canyon is the trading post in ?
what kind of post is it ?
what vehicles are parked outside the building ?
what is "rick's" ?
what is the instruction in this sign ?
what country was this made in ?
what city is this in ?
what word is in cursive ?
what type of game is being played ?
what is the name of the avenue ?
what is the first name of the photographer of this photo ?
what is the last of the photographer of this photo ?
how do you spell the word at the very bottom of the photo without the last letter ?
what letter is on the hat of the man of your left ?
what letter is on the hat of the man on the end ?
who is sponsoring this event ?
what is the airline company who owns this plane ?
what does it say on the frisbee ?
what color is the surfboard ?
what word is listed on the surfboard ?
what color is the work "toyota" printed in ?
where is this avenue located ?
what number is the hour and minute hand on in the photo ?
what is the text written on bus ?
what is the name of the street listed above main st. ?
waht is the name of the street lsited below madison st ?
what is the name of the bus company ?
what is the name on the blue sign ?
what drink is being displayed in this photo ?
what is the brand of this red wine ?
what year is this bottle from ?
what number is on the upper portion of the bus ?
what three letters are on the building to the left ?
what is the speed limit shown on the sign ?
what does the words say ?
what is worded on the red sign ?
what is worded on the white sign ?
what is the number of the antiques building ?
what is the name on the picture ?
what is the brand name of microwave ?
how often does the ferry arrive
what street name is on the sign ?
what is the traffic sign on the street corner on the right ?
which year did this car drive take place ?
what is the color of the vehicle ?
what does this product help with ?
what is the size indicated ?
what does the yellow oval sticker say ?
what sport is featured on the sweatshirt
what should drivers do when they reach this sign ?
what is the last part of the name on the green and white bus ?
what is the company on the pink box ?
what is the name of the street ?
what color is the chair to the right of the boy ?
what color are the boy's sleeves ?
what is the website printed on the picture
what is the word in bold after marble ?
what area is to the left of this sign ?
what area is to the right of this sign ?
what street is this sign on ?
what is the closest section in this picture ?
what words is before 48 std ?
what is #3's last name ?
what letters are on the helmets ?
which team name is on the jerseys ?
what brand of mojito is advertised ?
what brand is this guitar display for ?
what is the large two-digit number on the door of the white and blue truck ?
what word is written on the door of the red truck next to the word "racing" ?
what word is written on the door of the red truck next to the word "clark" ?
the high court is in which city ?
what address given in bus
what number given on bus
what is the name at the top of the truck ?
what car company is the maker of the truck ?
what is the name on the middle of the truck's front ?
what is the written on the the road side board
what is the image tag ?
what time is shown on the clock ?
what is the name on the tape
what sport are they playing ?
what number is the pitcher ?
what two colors are the baseball players uniforms ?
what is the name on the front of the trains ?
what video game console is pictured ?
what is written on the red sign ?
what word comes after the word glitter ?
what word comes after the word big
what does the building say ?
what is the word on the white cooler on the left side of the image ?
what team does the man in the middle play for ?
what word is in bold black letters next to the mirror ?
what's the name of this radio ?
what is the brand name on the equipment ?
what is written in the white plate
what brand of pasta sauce is being used ?
what is the website address at the bottom of the menu ?
what is written on front of boat
what is inside the bottle ?
what is the brand name mentioned on that bottle ?
what is written on the squash ?
how much of a penalty do you get for honking ?
what are the initials at the top of the label ?
what is the second part of the slogan that is on the right hand side of the label ?
what does it say at the bottom of the label ?
what is the brand name of this product ?
what company distributes this product ?
what is the title of the paper with pink balloons on the front ?
what type of booth is behind the people ?
what is the word on the front of the bus in the red section ?
what are the word and numbers on the front of the bus in white ?
what is the license plate number of the red bus ?
who took this picture
what does the first word on the sign say ?
what does the image say on the bottom left ?
what brand is the motorcycle ?
what is the bus number located in the front of the bus
what is the bus number located on the back of the bus
what brand is advertised on the side of the bus ?
what is the word on this building ?
what word is printed on the side of the car ?
what word is listed on the top sign of the building ?
what color ski boots is the child wearing? a: red
what is the url in the bottom left of the image ?
what is the first set of three letters or numbers on the motorcycle's license plate ?
what is the second word in the name of the store ?
what is the brand name on the item ?
what number is on the item ?
what is the name on the wall ?
what word is listed in the picture ?
what is the first word on the building to the left ?
what is being advertised on the telephone stand ?
what is the first word below telephone ?
what is the number posted on the railcar ?
which company is written on the side of the van ?
what does it say on the side of the car ?
what car is this in the image ?
what does the rainbow flag say ?
what comes after "if you're not outraged?"
what is written on the top left magnet ?
what does the wall behind the girl say ?
what is the green sign advertising ?
what number is the bike ?
what is the name of the store in the center of the picture ?
what is the store called ?
what street is shown on the green sign ?
what does the middle word say ?
how many games for toilet tricks
what is the name of the hotel ?
whic hotel is the good year parked at ?
what airline is this ?
what does it say on the front of this van ?
what is the registration number of this van ?
what is the licence plate number ?
what type of bus is this ?
how much is the lemon grass tea
what is the name of the tea shop
what roman numerals depict 12 on the clock ?
what roman numerals depict 10 on the clock ?
what roman numerals depict 6 on the clock ?
which street is it ?
what is the team name ?
what is written on the boy's t-shirt ?
what number is the player at bat wearing ?
what is the phone number ?
what kind of tree is the street named after ?
what does the red text say ?
which text is completely upside down ?
what is the name of this hotel ?
what is being said to the teddy bear ?
what letters are on the skiers persons head ?
what is the word at the top right that is illuminated ?
what letter is illuminated near the smiley face ?
what is the weight in ounces ?
what is the weight in grams ?
what is the company of the newspaper ?
what is the name of the sub restraunt ?
what is the name of the business of the far left ?
what is the name of the street ?
what is on the hat ?
what city is mentioned in the sign ?
what word is in the blue circle on the screen ?
what is the store with white letters behind the sign ?
what is written on the yellow sign ?
what type of crossing is ahead ?
what is the number refer by board
what is a word used to describe a group that has come together that starts with the letter "u" ?
what does the first red and green box read ?
what team does the athlete play for ?
what is the name of the avenue ?
where is the high court located ?
what part of the government is being discussed
what acronym in yellow text is written on the blue suv ?
what agency does the truck in the center of the picture belong to ?
what type of incident does the truck respond to ?
how many airplanes are there ?
how many trucks are there ?
what the first building refer
what type agents have a store front ?
what colour is the double decker bus
who took this photo ?
what company published this photo ?
whats the street name
what are the digits after the street name
buger king since ?
what have they won ?
what is the sign of train refer
push or pull ?
what is the best sellers here ?
do you have available area for private events ?
do you have any specials for lunch ?
what is the name of the show on the screen
what is the bottom word on the tag ?
what is the name of the company on the airplane ?
what is the bus number ?
what is the city the bus is going to ?
what color is the door on the house ?
what are the letters on the tail of the bottom plane ?
what is the number on the train
what is the logo on the train
what is the first word displayed with 5 and 6 min arrival time ?
what word is visible on the green sign ?
what is the train destination ?
what is written on the red octagon sign.
what is the brand of washing machines behind the man ?
what is the department called behind the man ?
what are the letter in the front of the jet ?
what number is written on the upper most sign ?
what number is on the jersey ?
what brand are the flip flops being sold ?
what is written on grey color t-shirt
what is this object made out of ?
what brand is on the white paper ?
what date is on the paper ?
what does the sign say ?
what is the name of the app opened on the desktop ?
what is the name of the app opened on the laptop ?
what is the company that created the desktop ?
what number is the leftmost cabinet ?
what number is the smallest drawer ?
what world famous capitol city name is on this image ?
what city name do you see in this picture ?
which airline operates this airplane ?
what two letters in black text have a white background ?
what letter is shown on the paper ?
on the bottom left of the image, what is the logo name ?
what is the number of the bus ?
what words are painted on the side of the building ?
how many construction signs do you see ?
what is written on the glasses ?
what is the name of the gas station ?
what company does the gas station belong to ?
what company owns the gas station ?
what does the blue and yellow sticker on the wall say ?
what colour is the word fair ?
what is the bus number for banne buiksloot ?
what company's brand logo is on each speaker ?
what is the name on the sign with a blue background ?
what is the name of the company ?
what city is this available in ?
what is guitar pick brand ?
what is the name of the product in the image ?
what numbers are on the db train ?
what letters are in the white box ?
what is the number listed on the front of the train ?
what's the color of the clothes on the floor ?
what does the sign visable in the image say ?
what is the number of the bus ?
what word is in purple lettering on the board ?
what country owns the truck ?
what type of truck is it ?
what icefield is the truck at ?
what is the number at the bottom of the trolley ?
what is the first name of the person who took the picture ?
what is the caption for this image ?
what is the number of the federal building  ?
which one is the "jazz" radio station ?
what numbers and one letter are written next to the word "upper" overlapping the man's cell phone ?
what word is to the left of "memory" and to the right of the man's cell phone ?
what street can be entered ?
what does her wetsuit say ?
what is the number on the railroad car ?
what is the name written on the truck ?
what is the number on the boxcar ?
what number is on the lotto balls ?
how many people are in the picture ?
what is the two digit number to the right of central ?
what is the name of the street found on the blue sign ?
what is the name of the car manufacturer? which letters can you see in the image ?
what brand of kamp canning is told by the sign ?
what is the last word shown on the bottle ?
what is the vehicle's license plate number ?
what is the white number on the top right of the back of the bus ?
what is the license plate number ?
what is the digital number in red at the top of the bus ?
what word is pictured on the yellow wall's photograph ?
what is the name on the street sign.
what brand of gum is located in this picture ?
what word is written above room ?
what is the name of the establishment on level below ?
what word is printed on the ceramic pot ?
what commercial is on the bus
what is the numer number visable in the center of the screen, on the top row of the ruler ?
what percentage is shown on the sign in the upper left corner ?
how do you get to the lower level ?
what way of the escalator does this photo focus on ?
what is the website listed ?
where is the honey soy chicken made ?
how many minutes does it take to heat the chicken by microwave ?
what is the name of the flea market
when is the market open
what is on the jacket
what does this store sell according to the black text ?
what number is on the pink sign ?
what is the website address on the image ?
what city is written on the label at the center-right side of image ?
what is the name of the minimart ?
what is the name of the shop ?
what is the name of the store shown here ?
what is the second word on the sign above the wine dispenser ?
what is the first word on the sign above the wine dispenser ?
what is the name of the university ?
which roman numeral is the big hand on the clock pointing to ?
what is the name on the building ?
what are the first 4 letters of the text on the man's back ?
what team name is on the black jersey ?
what does it say on top of the waiting platform ?
what are the letters on the side of the train ?
what are the numbers on the side of the train ?
how many cups are in the picture ?
what brand is the cup ?
what is written on the blue signboard ?
what vodka brand has the red lable ?
what movie is on the blue disk ?
what is the bus number ?
what is the top word on the cake ?
what word appears on the bottom of the card to the far right ?
what is the bus number ?
what does the truck called ?
what does the red sign say ?
what is the name of the liquor store on the red sign ?
what is spelled out in red letters on the white sign ?
what does bgc stand for on the bag ?
what does the sign say ?
what is the number on the hairdryer ?
what is the brand of the hairdryer ?
what is the word on this picture ?
what brand is the sewing machine ?
what is the full word listed on the sweatshirt ?
what is the large text on the side of the train ?
what are the numbers on the side of the train ?
what word is written on the side of the train ?
what digits are written on the right side of the train ?
what is written at the bottom right of the photo ?
what is the bus number displayed on the off-white stripe of the center bus ?
what does the license plate of the center bus read ?
what does it say on the white sign beside the green bus ?
this image total
what does the sign under the light say ?
which sections of this supermarket you can make out ?
what is the name of the restaurant ?
what is the number listed on the yellow bike sign
what does it say under the word "rock" on book under table ?
what does the blue sign on the red building say ?
what is the blue and white bus number ?
what is the destination of the bus ?
what street are the stores on ?
what is the name of the corner store ?
what is the name of the food on the container ?
what is the name at the bottom of the cake ?
what is the number listed on the car ?
where does it offer free tickets to ?
what type of bottle
what company created the whiskey
what is the name of the road ?
what is the street name ?
what is the word written in blue in the white circle on the back of the truck ?
what cup is this ?
what do the big white letters say ?
what is the largest word on each of the signs ?
what county are these in ?
what does the text say on the jar ?
what s the name of the body yogurt ?
what word is written on the skateboarder's shirt ?
what is the name of tent in black color ?
what is the name of the store ?
who is against larger
how many points did andrea bianchi earn ?
what does the sign on the window ledge say ?
what company is on the sign ?
what is the red camera's brand name ?
what is written on the vehcile
who is standing near the bus
what is the number on the front of the person skiing ?
what is the name of the store on the right ?
what url is on the building ?
what is repeatedly printed on the tarp ?
what number is on the striped shirt ?
what section are these people in ?
what is the destination from the line at 11:48 ?
what is the date displayed in the image ?
what is on the sign hanging from the ceiling ?
what is written on the large banner below the flag ?
what is the name of this steam boat ?
what is the brand name of the pants ?
what is the sign on the far left ?
what does the brew run ?
what are the first three letters on the neon sign ?
what is the entrance name
which place given
what is the brand name written on the wall ?
what brand is the item ?
what does the octagonal red sign say ?
what is the person doing in the photograph ?
what is the main color of the surfboard ?
what are the first four letters written in red on the wall ?
what is written in red on the metal stand ?
what block letters are written in white on the train ?
what brand is this mp3 player ?
what street is this located on ?
what is the business name on this van ?
what country is written on the mailbox ?
what is the website at the bottom ?
what is the address of this building ?
what is the movie title on the poster with the blonde woman holding a sword ?
what is written on the bottom poster on the right side of the wall ?
what lager is in this picture ?
what is the firs meal of the day ?
what does the middle street sign on the right say ?
what does the last street sign on the left say ?
when is the raffle drawing ?
how much is one raffle ticket ?
how many raffle tickets can i get for $5 ?
what currency does the clock accept ?
what is the number visible on the back of the blue jersey ?
what number is visible on the jersey of the child farthest to the left ?
what is leeford's number ?
what does the green lettering on the sign say ?
what does the black lettering on the sign say ?
what is the largest key in the image ?
who is number 4
who is number 3
who is number 2
what military branch owns this plane ?
what port is written on the trolly car ?
what number is the trolley car ?
what passengers is the trolly car for ?
which part of the city is this ?
what does the street sign in the lower right corner say ?
what is the word written on the road ?
how many tries are visible in the car
how many vehicle are visible in this picture ?
what is the name of phone on the screen ?
what brand is the phone ?
what is the blue number on the back of the phone ?
what is name of the parson who uses the desk ?
what is barbara harr's occupation ?
what station is this clock at ?
what is the word on the sign in the top left of the image ?
what two words are on the red sign ?
what do they want to do to forclosures ?
what word is on the ceramic jar which a "stitch" top ?
what words are on the street sign on the computer screen ?
who is the manufacturer of this phone ?
what number is the pitcher ?
what state does the main emblem on the cake represent ?
what does the cake signify ?
what company operates this bus ?
what road is this ?
what is written on the top of the sign ?
what is the street number on the sign ?
what brand is the machine ?
what year was the whiskey distilled in ?
what number is on the clock tower ?
what is the name of the sushi restaurant ?
what two words are in the sign in the window ?
what is the license number ?
how much are they being sold for
what kind of animal is in the sink ?
what color is the cat ?
what is the toothbrush holder ?
who is in the sink ?
what is the first word under the japanese lettering on the left ?
what does the octagonal red sign say ?
what is the name of the magazine shown ?
what type of wine is in the bottle ?
what does the text on the side of the taxi say ?
what is written on the bottle
what phrase in white appears under the words pizza line on the hanging sign ?
which business operates out of the building on the right ?
how many lines do they offer to write the response ?
what is the number in the lower right corner ?
what is the word written above the logo of the two people ?
what is written on the front wall ?
which company developed this laptop ?
2 for ?
what does the sign say ?
what is this sign saying ?
what is the photographers last name
what bus number is this
what is the photographers first name
what is the first part of the name of the store on the right ?
serial number on the train
what is on the red tag ?
what are th first 2 digits of the date at the bottom of the photo ?
what edition is the book ?
what company made the white truck ?
what city does this firefighters car is belonging to
what company name is listed on the upper left corner ?
what name is written in gold script on the front of the piano ?
which website hosts this image ?
which airline operates this airplane ?
what is the number on the bottle ?
what name is on the two planes on the far right of this photo ?
what popular range soda is used for advertising here ?
what 4-digit number is printed on the front of the train car ?
which game is playing by the person ?
what web address appears on the side of the boat ?
who has copyright of this image ?
what letters are printed on the boys tshirt ?
what are the bottom two words of the sign ?
how many grams of sugar is in this product ?
how much protein can you get from this ?
what kind of vitamins are in this product ?
what is the first word shown on the street sign ?
what is the second word shown on the street sign ?
what is the third word shown on the street sign ?
what is the team called ?
what letters are on the bottom left key ?
what letters are on the bottom right key ?
what date was this picture taken ?
what is the name of the store across ?
which seed is this product from ?
what is the color of the bottle ?
which company makes this type of mustard ?
what is written in the bottom left corner ?
what year is written in the bottom left ?
what is the first letter of the name under the title of the photograph ?
when was this photo taken ?
what is written in front of the truck ?
what is written in the side of the truck ?
it is 7:30 in what city ?
what is name of watch company ?
what time is on second acclim ?
what is the name of the magazine ?
what is the number shown in yellow lights on the screen on the front of the bus ?
what is the three digit number on the image ?
which shop is the carrier bag from ?
what is the number on the plane ?
what is the name of this business ?
what is the street address ?
what is the bus number ?
what city is the advertising on the bus for ?
what are the large black letters on yellow plane ?
what university's logo is pictured on the plane ?
what is the number of the plane ?
what is a healthy poultry recipe ?
what is an example of poultry meat ?
what is the e-mail address on the white card ?
what is the name of the cake listed on the card ?
what word is listed on the horse's harness ?
what does it say in the first airplane's side ?
what word is on the sticker across the bottom of the laptop ?
what is written on the pink logo ?
what is the identification number of this plane ?
what is the brand of soda written on the banner ?
what brand is on the coffee mug ?
what is the cup meant to contain ?
who sold the coffee mug ?
what's flight no. ?
what letters are on the sign ?
what company does this building belong to ?
what is the destination of the train ?
what do you need permission to do ?
what is the tail number of the airplane ?
what is the name of the airline ?
what is the name of the bridal shop ?
what is the number display on the black car
what words are on the fire hydrant ?
how do you abbreviate 'saturday' ?
what is the opposite of switching the light on ?
what brand are the bicycles ?
what is the name of the store behind the bikes ?
what floor is this photo on ?
what is the word in red on top of the overhang ?
what does the yellow sign say ?
what does the white sign say on the building ?
what is one word you can see ?
where is the atm ?
what is the number given on jeep ?
what is the name of the road in this picture ?
what is the name of the street in this picture ?
what is written on the red street sign ?
where does the bottom arrow on the green street sign point to ?
what airport is listed on the green street sign ?
what is written on the front of the t-shirt
what is written on the back of the t-shirt
what number is written on the back side
how many shears are there ?
what temperature should the oven be set to ?
how long should the product be baked ?
how many servings does the product contain ?
what number is the train ?
what is the licence plate of the bus ?
where is the bus headedto ?
what is the bus no. ?
what is a street name above that is shown ?
who took this photograh ?
what is the number listed on this meter ?
what number is on the plane ?
what is the menu number for this entree ?
what is the brand of the train
what is the brand name written on the tow truck in green ?
what does the display of the bus read ?
what is the blue bus number ?
what is the word written on the right red bus  ?
what word is on the side of the left red bus ?
what is written on the side of the plane ?
what does the umbrella on the right say ?
what is the innitials listed on this photo ?
what is the number on the blue and white motorcycle ?
what does the red sign say ?
what does the sign under the stop sign say ?
what does the octagonal red sign say ?
what does the watermark say ?
what month is in the date ?
what day is it in the date ?
what year is it in the date ?
is there more water or lava in this photo ?
what are the only two visible numbers ?
what kind of mail is not acceptable ?
whats the address to the mailbox in the picture ?
what is the name of the list on the blue sign ?
how many minutes are on the sign ?
what brand of soda is advertised ?
what airline is displayed on the plane ?
what is the hotel name ?
what is the name of the beer ?
what type of beer style is this ?
what is the highlighted text on the phone ?
what is the number on the boys shirt ?
what does it say on the stop sign under the word stop ?
what brand is being advertised on the green tarp ?
what does it say next to the skull ?
what does it say to the left of skullcandy ?
what does the name on the bottom of the photo say
what type of artwork is this
what is written on the black board
what is written on the white sheet
what is the destination of the bus ?
where does this bus go ?
what number is under the windshield ?
which logo is shown in the photo ?
what is the website on the box ?
according to the box, what can you use to order your pizza ?
what kind of food are they serving ?
what kind of beer is in the green bottle ?
what phrase is written on the golf ball ?
how many coffee shops is there ?
what store is shown ?
what sporting brand is a sponsor of the game ?
what is the number of the jersey on the boy to the left ?
what number is the twix bar ?
what number is the snickers ?
what is written that train engine ?
what brand of soda is this ?
what flavor is this soda ?
how many fluid ounces ?
what is written on the side of the bus ?
what is the word on top of the shirt with white borders ?
what is written in big, blue text ?
what is the brand of the computer ?
what train station is this ?
what is the name of the store on the green sign ?
what word is on the sign hanging from the ceiling ?
what is the first letter of the word on the baseball player's jersey ?
what number appears on the display of the frontmost bus ?
what is the color of the shoes ?
how many pictures of shoes do you see ?
what is the name for the player from france ?
what is the last word of the bottom part of the sign ?
what type of official has opened his car door ?
what is the truck's identifying number ?
who brought you this picture ?
what is the name of the police department ?
what is the last word on the building ?
what is the brand of the black boxing gloves ?
what is the brand of the spectator cell phone ?
what is the brand on the foam hand of the android spectator ?
will this be at the figure eight derby ?
what is the street name ?
what's the title of the book being read ?
what is the number on this player's jersey ?
what is the number written on shirt ?
what number is listed below this light ?
what is in the picture
what color is it
what are the colors on the reflection ?
what is the first word you see on the red sign ?
what is the last work you see on the red sign ?
where is the word park located ?
what type of vehicles are allowed to turn right at any time ?
when are right turns forbidden ?
what is the name of the bank on the right of the road ?
what is the name of the store ?
how much is each half cauliflower ?
how much are the apples being sold for ?
what is written on the phone ?
what airline is this plane for
what is the numbers on the plane's front wheel doors
what cough drop company is featured ?
what is the name of the store advertised ?
what brand is on the cap ?
what is the year on this picture ?
what state is this calendar from ?
what brand shirt is the female player wearing ?
which street is named after an animal ?
what does it say on the upper left corner of the bus ?
what number is listed to the very left of the picture ?
what is written in car
what is license plate number
what is the kid playing ?
what sport is the woman playing ?
what is written on the flex
what does it say on the mouse pad ?
what number is displayed on the phone ?
what number is the batter ?
what is the name of the batter ?
what is that brown sweet with white icing ?
what does the sign beside the bat say ?
what number is on the street sign ?
what car company is advertised on the vest ?
what does the octagonal red sign say ?
how many min in the microwave, do the instructions call for on the savoury beef rissoles ?
how cold should you store this product ?
how many grams is this product ?
what food sign can be seen ?
type the name that appears on the front of the notebook
what brand is the black device
what number is on lawrie's jersey ?
what is written on the airplane in the foreground ?
what is written on the airplane in the background ?
what is the brand ?
what word is below directly below the seat ?
what is the name of the company on the white van ?
what is the occupation of the person on the motorcycle ?
what brand is the item ?
what are the two words in orange print ?
what is the racers number ?
what coffee store is in the mall ?
what did mention in the middle of the bus ?
what is the business name on the black sign ?
what is the first word listed on the right hand corner ?
name of train ?
what is the label in the red on the bus ?
what does the sticker on the stop sign say ?
what is on the bus in green ?
where is australian open held every year ?
name 3 sponsor of australian open
what is the name of the railway company on the white sign board ?
what class number is the railway car ?
what color is listed on the water bottle ?
what is the sign of post represent ?
what is the name of the building ?
what is the bus number ?
what is the license plate ?
what year is at the top of the ad ?
what is the name of the european herbal hair remedy ?
what is the number of the bus ?
what is the name on the blue packages ?
what is the top word on the coffee cup ?
what is in the bucket ?
what beverage is being served ?
what is the lemonade arranged on ?
what type of beer is being drank ?
what does it say on the ground in the tennis court ?
how many calories shown ?
what is the first percentage on the nutrition facts ?
what is the brand name of these erasers ?
what material are these erasers made of
what word is at the bottom of poster ?
what is written on the note book
what is showing in the card
what is the name of the tournament ?
what is the website on the image ?
what name is on the plaque ?
who or what company owns the rights to this photo ?
what type of milk is this ?
whose vehicle is this ?
what type of vehicle is this ?
what does it say on the plane ?
what is the rally on the front of the woman's smock ?
what is printed across the top of the dogs' tshirts ?
what is the brand name written on the side of the vehicle ?
what color is the vehicle ?
what is the first black word ?
what is the first word on the white card ?
what are the places specify in the image ?
what is the number specified at the top of image ?
what word is on the left of caffeine ?
what is the name on the side of the bus ?
what number is on the jersey ?
what kind of craft is the yellow one floating in the water ?
what city is the motorcycle from ?
what is the second word on the back of the black shirt ?
what should drivers do when they reach this sign ?
what is the first word written on the blue street sign ?
what does the banner at the bottom say in red lettering on a black background ?
what number can be see in the picture at the bottom ?
what univeristy is advertised ?
what year was the photo taken ?
what is the trucks number ?
what three letters are in the red, white, and blue stripes ?
what is the word above 526 ?
what type of property is this ?
this photograph was taken by ?
what does the text say on the yellow surfboard ?
what is written on the trains white sticker ?
what is the name of the street ?
what letter is on the green sign ?
what bus number does the hackney station bus have ?
where is bus number 555 going ?
what is this bus number ?
what is the first word on the white sign ?
what brand is displayed on the glass ?
what kind of beverage would go in this glass ?
where is this type of beir from ?
what is written on the side of the brown box ?
what is the name on the top ?
what is the logo name ?
name of this building ?
what is the first word written in the top left corner ?
when was the wood plaza dedicated ?
when in the photo was this taken ?
when was the plaza dedicated ?
what number is the luggage carousel ?
what are the two planets names ?
what is the number on the bus board ?
what is the name of the store behind the man ?
what is the street name ?
what brand is the computer in the lower right-hand corner ?
what number is on the truck ?
what is written in red board
what is the number in the white circle on the water hydrant ?
what is written between section 1 and 2 ?
what is on 2nd section at the bottom ?
what color is the "adventure golf" sign ?
what does the back of the yellow vest say on the right ?
what store sign is in the background ?
what is the first city listed on the signs ?
what is the brand on the chair ?
what sport is the woman playing ?
what brand is on the sign on the right of the photo ?
who took the photo ?
what is the company name on the watch cabinet ?
what is the street sign instructing you to do ?
what brand makes these drum sticks ?
what is the word on the swim cap that the little girl is wearing ?
what is written in black on the side of the car ?
what number is shown here ?
what is handwritten above stop ?
what is handwritten below stop ?
what word is written at the top of the game on the far left ?
what is the name of this bus company ?
what state is the blue truck from ?
what kind of dog is pictured ?
what holiday is being celebrated ?
what is the name written on the vehicle ?
what is the name of the airline ?
what is the hours and minutes on the digital clock on the top left ?
what is written on the seal ?
what does the poster at the bottom say ?
which sponsor appears on the side of the car in red ?
who is the call with ?
what does the bottom sign say ?
what is the written under "bureau de poste" ?
how much does it cost for a donut ?
how many mph is shown ?
what is the strike percent ?
how many strikes ?
what is the name on the phone
what is written on her t shirt
where is this bus going ?
what is the name of the motel ?
what is the number on the white jersey to the right ?
what website is shown in the image ?
what date is printed in the image ?
what is written in the first cover
what is written in thesecond cover
what does the wording say on the boys shirt ?
what is an american baked good made with apple and flour ?
what is the name of the caf ?
what color is the bus ?
what number is on this bus on the left rear end ?
what is the number on the right backside on the bus ?
what does the sign on this phone box say ?
what is the website address written on the window ?
what word appears next to the arrow to the right ?
who is buried nearby, according to the sign ?
what is the name printed on the side of the train ?
what type of motor is on the boat ?
what is the boat's registration numbers only ?
what are the last two letters on the right ?
how many projects are in the book ?
what is the brand of water ?
what is the brand of the white lace heart ?
what is the name of the skateboarder ?
what does the red sign say ?
what is the sign saying you must do ?
what is the name of the shop ?
what is the name of the airplane ?
are the plane doors open or closed ?
what is the letter on the hat ?
what is the highest letter in this picture ?
what brand is this ad for ?
what is this ad suggesting you do ?
what is this ad suggesting you not do ?
whats the name of the train ?
what color are the train tracks ?
what date is stamped on the picture ?
what is the name of the type of train ?
what series is this rail car ?
how many tablets are in the bottle ?
how many should you take per day ?
what website is the picture from ?
what is the brand name of the battery recharger ?
what is the company advertised on the right on the two cheerleaders ?
what is the company advertised to the right of geico ?
what social media platform is written in the corner ?
what year is written in the corner ?
what website is listed on this photo ?
what is the name of the building in the background ?
what color is the bus ?
what animal is in the picture ?
when was the photograph taken ?
what is the last name of the people who own the copyright ?
what is the first word in the name of the kennel where the dog came from ?
what are the numbers on the billboard ?
what is the word in red color ?
what does the yellow neon sign say ?
what does the blue neon text say ?
what is the first name on the train cart to the left of the photo ?
what is the second name on the train cart to the left of the photo ?
what is the street name on the green sign ?
which number is written on the green sign ?
which word is written below the number ?
what is the first name at the bottom of the photo ?
what is emma's last name ?
what brand is on the side of the semi truck ?
what does the black portion of the advertisement say ?
what is the name at the top of the building ?
what type of store is this ?
what year does the signiture say on the bottom of the card ?
what is the pizza chain brand ?
what is available ?
who is the sponsor ?
what is next to max ?
what saint is on the wall plaque ?
what words are printed on the green sign ?
what is the brand of the cell phone ?
what is the name of the cell phone ?
who is the cellphone manufacturer ?
who is the character on the phone ?
what is the sign of board reference ?
what kind of soup name given
what is the first word on the back wall ?
what is the second word on the back wall ?
what is the word written inside the arrow ?
what brand is on the image ?
what is the price of 2 brocolies ?
what is the special price of the kiwi ?
who manufactured the hairdryer ?
what type of beer is full sail ?
what does the white sign say ?
what event is being advertised on the left ?
which car company is in red and white on the left ?
what is the name of the store with the red sign ?
what brand is advertised on the umbrella ?
what letters are on the hat ?
what brand is the yogurt ?
what is the largest printed word in blue ?
what number is on the catcher's shirt ?
what number is on the pitcher's shirt ?
how many street signs with arrows are there in the picture ?
where is the bottom street sign pointing towards ?
what kind of buisiness is on the left ?
what is written on the sign the apple logo ?
what is the first letter on the front of the train from left to right ?
what are the numbers on the front of the train to the right on the white stripe ?
what type of oxygen mask are in this photo
what brand is the oxygen tank cover ?
what is written in blue on the white shirt ?
what is the brand of the crystal cup ?
what's in the big plastic container ?
what watch brand is on the right hand side ?
what stores are in the picture ?
what is the parking time limit on the meters ?
what is the car license plate number ?
what is the telephone number ?
what letters are on the top of the tee shirt by the tree ?
what initials are written in red ?
where is this leading to ?
what is the name of this terrace ?
where is this bus going ?
what is the bus number ?
what is the license plate number ?
what company is listed on the blue badge ?
what is the brand on this bottle ?
what is written on the neck of this bottle ?
what is written on the grey tank ?
what does the top of the dial say ?
what is the frst word of the boat ?
what is the name of the bus company ?
what word comes after pullman ?
what word is directly above the cargo bay of the bus ?
what percentage off does the red sale sign advertise ?
what word is written inside of the rectangle on the glass ?
what is the word on the bottle that starts with the letter s ?
what is written on the 3rd can ?
what is written on the 4th can ?
what code number mentioned in the 3rd can ?
where is obama holding a press conference ?
what is advertised on the plastic cup ?
which food item is number 48 ?
what is the cost of "omelet, skinke & ost" ?
which food item is number 4 ?
what is the name of the street ?
what is the sign of board reference ?
what is the name of fruit in 3rd at first row ?
what is written on the white sign with the pointing hand ?
what word is writen on the road ?
what is the city name on the top left of the bus marque ?
who is the author ?
address of the web page ?
what is the number on the side of the boat in this image ?
what color is the purse ?
how many people are wearing glasses ?
what is on the license plate of the grey bmw sedan ?
what does the watermark say ?
what is the name on the candy canister ?
what is written on top of the taxi ?
what is free during happy hour ?
what does the phrase on the road say ?
what is the brand name ?
what is the word written in red on the white signs ?
what two colors is the dog composed of ?
what action word is show on the white sign behind the man on the phone ?
whar is the brand of the heater
what color is the motel painted ?
what kind of building is being shown ?
what is the name of the model of the bike ?
what does the box in the background say
what are the words in the crate
what name is legible on the shop front in the top picture ?
at what point of the race has this picture been taken ?
what graffiti is painted on the stop sign ?
what is the brand name stated on the snowboard ?
what word is seen on the truck ?
what word is on top of the truck ?
what is the brand of this truck ?
what is the name of the plane ?
what word is on the white screen to the left ?
what sign is above the door ?
how many cents does it cost to add avocado
what's the big yellow number and letter on the wall ?
what is being advertised in white text against a blue background ?
what does the text on the shop's sign say ?
what word is written in blue ?
what actor is pictured on a billboard ?
what beer is being advertised ?
date of the water mark ?
what brand are all the watches ?
what is in the background of the animal
what numbers are on the sign on the pole ?
what country is named on the sign on the pole ?
what number is the short hand closest to on the clock ?
what is the first word after #9
who are the wedding tips from ?
the sign days do not what ?
what photography company took this photo ?
what type of vehicle is in the background ?
what is the route number displayed at the middle right of the bus ?
what is the license plate number that is most visible ?
what color outlines the stop button ?
what car manufacturer is sponsoring this tennis match ?
what is the plane's acronym ?
what is the name of channel 54
what show is on at 10:00p on channel 52 ?
what day is the tv schedule for ?
what is the flavor of the pizza ?
what is the brand name of the pizza ?
what does it say on the side of the bus ?
what time is written at the bottom right corner ?
what are the letters on the train ?
what is the big number on side of train ?
what are the numbers on the front of the train ?
what speed is shown on the sign in this picture ?
what is the storefront name written in orange ?
what is the mph show on the sign ?
what type of crossing is it for ?
what is the name of the library ?
what country is printed on the plane ?
what airline company is on the side of the plane ?
what two letters appear on the back of the plane ?
what is the name of the street on the street sign ?
what is the address ?
what is the brand of the computer ?
what is on the bus display ?
what is the number on the yellow, red train ?
what kind of soda is this ?
what is the brand name ?
what is the number of the skier with the orange jacket ?
what is the red boat's number ?
what is the year mentioned in the floor mat ?
what is the address in the search bar ?
what is the make of the t-shirt ?
what is the sign of board reference ?
what does the watermark read ?
is this an arrival or departure area of the airport ?
what kind of beer is in the bottle ?
whose team logo is on the glass ?
which exit is the sign showing ?
what street name is on the middle sign ?
what is the airline which operates this plane
what city is listed on the truck ?
what is the name in blue ?
what is the brand name of the fan ?
what is the black word on the fan ?
what is the word at the top of the fan ?
what is on the sign ?
who manufactured the coffee pods ?
what degree do you preheat the conventional oven to ?
what type of lasagna is this recipe for ?
what color is the light at the bottom ?
what is the button that has a bright white light ?
how many cup settings are shown at the bottom ?
what is the state law regarding crosswalks ?
what is the name of the road ?
what does the traffic sign at the top of the pole say ?
what is the boat names ?
what train is this
what 5-letter word is on the newspaper ?
what is animal in the picture
which number isn't a year ?
what type of watch is advertised ?
what type of restaurant is advertised ?
what does it say under 'rolex' ?
what way does the sign say ?
what street name begins with a f ?
what street name begins with a l ?
what type of bus ?
what kind of parking meters are installed here ?
what is the phrase written under the grand slam ad ?
what year is written on this plane ?
what color is the babies hat ?
what is flavor is the wine ?
what fruit do the boxes on the far right reference ?
what is the red sign directing you to do ?
what form of transportation is visible in this image and referred to on the bottom right ?
what is the name on the photo ?
what appliance company is shown ?
what street is to the right ?
what city is written on the wall ?
what is the number on this airplane's front and tail ?
when is the use by date on this product ?
what number appears after the est ?
what is the name of the tennis player ?
what word is after nike ?
what word is after national ?
what is the color of the athlete's shirt ?
what car company is in this photo ?
what is the name of this store ?
which street sign is shown at the side of the road ?
what is the destination for platform 7 ?
what is the phone number on the rv ?
what is the name on the white building with the red roof ?
what's the name of this book ?
what type of story is this ?
which number does the player have ?
what word is on the back of the black shirt ?
what is the name of the bank in the image ?
the back drop is for the center for american what ?
which number is written in blue ?
who owns this store ?
which words describe food ?
which words are in red ?
what is the number of coach
what is the name on the jersey of the baseball hitter ?
what is the number on the jersey of the baseball hitter ?
what is the title of the book with an american flag on its jacket ?
which of these books was written by bill moggridge ?
which title is written in black letters on a white background ?
what number comes directly after 12.  ?
what is the name written on the ship ?
what is the number written on the boat's sail ?
what is the name of the home furnishing store in the background ?
how much does one magazine cost ?
how much does two magazines cost ?
what does it say on the bottle ?
what is the initial on the silver purse ?
what company's name is on the big building ?
what is the website ?
what does it say above the window ?
what is the bus number tha cat is riding ?
what are the numbers in the plate ?
what is the first word on the logo on the side of the planes ?
what two-digit number appears on the back of the runner's jersey ?
what is the team printed on the ball ?
what is the last name of the photographer ?
what company name is written on the mug ?
what is the name of the field ?
what sport is being played ?
what is the number for "arpielle rentals?"
what is the street name ?
what number in on the train ?
what does it say on the horse in white letters ?
what numbers are shown on the train ?
what is the name shown on the train ?
what location is printed on the surfboard.
what is the license number of the motor vehicle in the image ?
what three letters are printed at the top of the sign in the image ?
what department does the building belong to ?
what's food display on the board ?
what is the top donuts flavor ?
what sport is being played
what brand is advertised on the bus ?
what does is the name of the stand  ?
what is the name on the sign next to the number 830 ?
what is the word next to the number 19 ?
who is holding the batt ?
what's patterson's number ?
what letter is on the sign
what is the street name ?
who was killed crossing here ?
what is the number on the signs ?
what is written at the bottom right corner of the image ?
what does the sign on the top say ?
what is the name written on the side of the old truck ?
what is the address written on the side of the truck ?
what kind of dairy is it ?
what is the name of the street  ?
what is the airline company shown on the side of the plane ?
what numbers appear on the yellow sign above the plane ?
what is the brand of the bike ?
what is the first word of the lettering above the trees ?
what does the left sign say under the text ?
what are the numbers  that you see in the picture ?
what does it say in the red circle, on the meal ?
where in the world is this meal made ?
what kind of route is mentioned on the sign ?
why can't you park in front of this fence? because it is a fire:
who was the photographer ?
what is the brand of the phone ?
what type of sign is in the photo ?
how long does it take for photo according to the ad ?
what are the white letters on the blue poster ?
what subway lines are avaliable to be taken ?
how many stickers are on the sign ?
what is the first word in the upper right corner ?
what words are shown on this building near the clock ?
what is the name of the company that created the hazard sign ?
how many people are in the picture ?
what is the person playing ?
what is the website listed ?
what number is the short hand stopped on ?
what brand car is in the picture ?
what number is on the horizontal street post ?
what is the name of the motel ?
what is the radio call number ?
where is the bus heading to ?
what is the number plate of the bus ?
what is written at the bottom of the picture ?
what is the building ?
what street does the sign on the bottom point towards ?
what bank is it ?
what can you do here
what is written on the flex
what is the sign for ?
what does the graffitied sign saysay ?
what company operates in this building ?
what 3 digit number is the man wearing ?
what sport are they playing ?
what does the store sign say ?
what number is shown on the blue sign under the lamp ?
what text appears on the picture ?
which sport is played at the picture ?
what is the color of the jersey of the athlete ?
what year was the photo taken ?
what is the exact date on this photo ?
what sport is being played ?
what is the car's license plate ?
what is the license plate of the car
what brand is the motorcycle
what type of animals are shown here ?
what is the name of the orange food ?
what is the iso number at the top of the image ?
what is their iso/ts number ?
what is the website for these items ?
what numbers are in red ?
what is owner number ?
what is suggested that might you get for cold hard cash in the advertisement displayed ?
what is the number of the closest platform in the photo ?
where does the edinburgh queue located ?
what is the malls name ?
what is written on the girl's t-shirt ?
what is the last letter of the only word in the picture ?
what road or street feature does this sign point toward ?
what hours are the bus lane in effect ?
which button to press in order to have a big images ?
which button to press if you want to save the favorite programs ?
what company does the plane belong to ?
what is the website address on the sign ?
which car company is on the red banner ?
what is the ski area in austria on the signs ?
what is on the sign in black ?
what is the abbreviated title on the name card ?
what is being advertised on the front of the bus ?
what date is veep airing ?
what time is veep airing ?
what is the first word on the green sign ?
what is the first word on the red sign ?
what is the web address written on the side of the bus ?
what airline does the aircraft on the runway belong to ?
how many peoples can you see on the picture ?
how many horses can you see on the picture ?
what does the left facing arrow say ?
what does the upside down text in the right facing arrow say ?
what is one brand of credit card accepted at the shop with the green and yellow awning ?
what comes after asiana ?
which bank do you use ?
which year is this photo likely to have been taken ?
how many people in the picture ?
how many grams of protein per serving ?
what website is displayed at the bottom ?
what company runs the bus ?
what does the water mark say ?
what is the word printed near the top of the red flag ?
what word is in the center of the red flag ?
what is the only visible word in the third line on the red flag ?
what does the front of the train say ?
what is the title at the top of the image ?
what is the date in the bottom right corner ?
what is the name and year in the bottom right corner in white ?
what brand is being promoted on the skate ramp? a: sony
what are the streets on the signs ?
what device is this ?
what type of chime is shown ?
what is the word in blue(first) ?
what number is this bus ?
what percentage is the rebate ?
what is the number of the blue bus
whats the name of the store loacated under the red awning
whats the number on the grocery bag the guy on the left hand bottom on of the picture
what is the first word on the orange sign ?
what does the watermark say ?
what is the number printed on the building sign ?
what is a nordic outdoor brand starting with t ?
what number and letter is on the red sign ?
which street is shown on the sign ?
what is written on the lock ?
what is stuffed in the flatbread ?
how is the potato put in the flatbread ?
what are the final three letters after the second dot ?
what color is the apron ?
how many people are in the photo ?
what are the numbers on the train ?
what letters on displayed in the white stripe on the train ?
what is the train number ?
what number is on the tank ?
what location is written on the ramp ?
what business name is on this glass building ?
what type of traffic sign is showing ?
what is name of board ?
what year is the image copywritten ?
how much is a body composition analysis ?
what brand is the toast-r-oven ?
what time is it ?
what is the name of the cow ?
what number is the bus on the left ?
what color are the mushrooms ?
how many planes are there ?
what company is the white plane ?
what are the last two letters on the robot sticker on the laptop ?
what is the name on the front of the marquee in the background ?
what is the black text on the white building ?
what is name mentioned on that tag  ?
what is the number mentioned on that tag  ?
what is the number shown on the left parking meter ?
what is the number shown on the right parking meter ?
what is luis last name ?
how many black keys are in the photo ?
what is dedication message on the poppy ?
what brand are the camera lenses ?
what is the name at the top of the watermark on the bottom left ?
what is the name of the store in the background ?
what numbers do you see on the buss ?
what does it say in english ?
when was this photo taken ?
what state was this taken in ?
what camp was this taken at ?
who owns this image/
what is the watermark on this photo ?
what number is this horse team ?
what is written on the back of the car ?
what is the name of the program ?
what is written on the red sign in this picture ?
what is the text on the black container on the far left of the image ?
what number is printed below the conductor's window ?
what vitamins does the salad dressing help absorb ?
how many fluid ounces of dressing are in the container ?
what does the package claim the italian dressing is great as ?
what does it say above the cat ?
what does it say below the cat ?
what number is the hydrant ?
what three letters are visible on the building ?
what soda is in the red can ?
what soda is in the blue can ?
what does it say on the left hand blue sign ?
what does it say on the middle sign ?
what are the numbers listed on the middle sign ?
what does the sign say ?
what brand is this waffle iron ?
what does the sign say ?
what item given on board
how much the salami
how many buses are there
what is license plate of the red bus
what is wriiten in front of red bus
registration number on the vehicle
which animals are there
what is written on the yellow-green street sign ?
what is written on the rider's pants ?
what is the name of the bear ?
what words are written on the wall ?
what one-letter word begins the title of the green book ?
what holiday is the third word on the red and green book ?
what beverage is the fourth word on the top book ?
what are the letters below the red button ?
what city name is written on the red bus ?
what is written on the license plate of the red bus ?
what is the camera brand ?
which watch manufacturer is visible as a sponsor ?
what state is the woman representing ?
what is the woman's role ?
what is the town on the tall sign ?
what is the post code on the large sign ?
how much percent off does the green sign mention ?
what is the tag number of the truck ?
what is the title of the web page on the computer ?
what name is written on the soda bottle ?
what is the word after marble on the glass ?
what street crosses state st sw ?
who's copyright image is this ?
what is the letter in the white box sign to the left of the image ?
what is the letter in the white box sign to the right of the image ?
what year did this pistol manufactured ?
what is the of the consulting company ?
what make if vehicle is pictured ?
what does the sign say to the left of the vehicle ?
what does the watermark on the right side of the image read ?
what does the blue sign on the right say in white text ?
what is the brand name ?
what is the name of the store that is directly in fron of the escalator ?
what is the name at the bottom right of the photograph ?
what word is on the top of the bus ?
what sponsor is in the middle on the wall ?
how close is the casino ?
what motor company is advertised on the left ?
what avenue is visible ?
what is the cross street ?
what is the color of the visible suv ?
what does it say on the toy car ?
what is on the truck ?
what is the name of the blue and white truck ?
where can you visit the big shoe ?
what is the brown word on the side of the cart ?
what number is inside the white circle ?
what is the word in white on the cart under the word horse ?
how many watches are in this picture ?
what are the brands of the watches ?
how many men are in the picture ?
how many men are wearing glasses in the picture ?
what sport is the first banner on the left awarded for ?
what street is shown ?
what brand of soda is advertised on the left side ?
what is written under the arrow ?
which state name is in the image ?
what is the word in red on the building ?
what is the license plate number of the subaru ?
what does the street sign say ?
where can one find additional seating ?
what street name is shown ?
what is on the box ?
what are they playing ?
what does the t-shirt say ?
what is the model of the object in the image ?
what should you look for ?
what words are printed in red ?
what word is printed in blue ?
who takes credit for the photo ?
what social media site is referenced ?
what time does dog walking start ?
what time does dog walking end ?
what is the license plate of this vehicle ?
what is the store on the right ?
what is the yellow vehicle's license plate number ?
what does the traffic sign read ?
what is the color of the traffic light ?
which day os this photo from ?
what is in this box ?
what is the name of this street ?
what year was this picture taken ?
what is the name of website on white van to the left ?
what is the name of the store ?
what is on front of the bike
what is man holding over head
what month is shown on the calendar ?
what brand is the wine ?
what type of wine is it ?
where is this traffic light ?
what is the text written on the outside of the box ?
what is written on the top board ?
what direction mentioned in the board ?
what is written on the side building wall ?
what is the brand name of the keyboard ?
what brand of camera ?
what number is on the orange jersey ?
what is the red bus number ?
what is the white and red bus number ?
what is the tag number of the white and red bus ?
what is the the first word on the ad
what is the name on the building ?
what is the alpha-numberical series at the back of the front plane ?
what is the name of the airline ?
what king of bike company is written on board ?
which king of services cherokee street bikes is offering ?
what word is on the plaque ?
what is the name of this street ?
what does pl stand for ?
what do these numbers refer to ?
what is the number taped to the motorcycle ?
what three letters are displayed above the front wheel of the motorcycle ?
what country is represented on the green gas tank ?
what is the street name on the white building ?
what is the telephone number on the spice oven sign ?
what are the two gold numbers on either side of the door ?
what is the name of the company on the side of the truck ?
what is the text under the elephant on the truck ?
what is the name of the soft drink shown in the picture ?
what is the current speed of the vehicle ?
who owns the copyright to this image ?
what is the license plate number on the gray car ?
what are the first four characters on the white car ?
what name is repeated on the sign ?
what does the yellow tape say ?
what is the license plate number on the truck ?
what appears on the windshield ?
what does the truck specialize in ?
what name is on the bow of the boat ?
what name is on the port side of the boat ?
what does the sign say on the second line down ?
what word on the side of the bag describes the pretzels ?
who makes this sausage ?
what does the red sign read ?
what is on the left ?
what are the letters on the side of the helmet ?
what is the date on the bottom of the bus ?
what is the number on the train
what is the name on the train
what is the fm radio station shown on the front of the bus ?
what is the name of the building ?
what number is displayed on the meter ?
what is on the plate ?
what is the name printed on the red band ?
what is the first name displayed on the board ?
what is the last name displayed on the board ?
what is the name on the photo copyright ?
what does this image represent
what company is being advertised in this image
what product is displayed in this image
what is the letter and number combination on the green and white sign ?
what number is on the front of the train ?
what is the last word ?
what brand is on the snowboard ?
what is written on the box of medicine ?
what does the medicine help with ?
how many doses does the box contain ?
how many birds are in this photo ?
what is the bus number ?
what is the stree name
what is the name of the store selling laptops ?
what is the name of the store in the center of the picture ?
what is the name of the store shown in the picture ?
how much are the oranges ?
what is the name of the company associated with this image ?
what logo and name is on the black banner wrapping around the corner ?
what colour is the car
what is written on the board
what season is on the shirt of the kid on the left ?
what are the first four letters after w.e. ?
what store can be seen in the picture ?
what is the train's number ?
what's street name  ?
who holds the copyright ?
what is the sentence in the yellow font ?
to which airlines does the plane belong to ?
over which building is the plane flying ?
what number do you see at the left bottom corner ?
what are the numbers on the nose of the train.
what are the words on the black umbrella ?
what is the brand of the umbrella ?
what name is on the building ?
what is the name of the artist who signed the picture ?
what is written on the bridge gate that is currently in the up position ?
how many people are on the bridge ?
what name is listed on the front plane ?
what famous pilot is on the pizza box ?
how many pizzas come in the box ?
how many players are shown ?
what are the seated players sitting on ?
what does the pink lettering say ?
what number is on the front of train ?
where is the train from ?
what is the license plate number ?
what does it say on the blue banner in the background ?
what is the word just to the left of the train, on the wall ?
what is the name of the street ?
what does the left sign read ?
what does the right sign read ?
what does the sign hanging from the ceiling in the middle of the picture say ?
what level does it say on the sign the woman is holding up in the picture on the left ?
what brand is the bottle on the left
what is the cost of the second bottle from the left
what 6 characters appear in silver toward the bottom on the image ?
what number appears toward the rear of the motorcycle ?
what is the street called ?
what is the bus number ?
what emotion is the couple ?
what company is being promoted ?
how many people are depicted in the statue ?
how many windows are fully or partially visible in the image ?
what number is associated with this bus ?
what is the name on the yellow sign ?
what is written on the lock
what numbers are there
what is the penalty amount for honking ?
what is the name of this street ?
what sign has been taped up ?
what does the bottom wall say ?
what network is advertised on the back wall ?
what bus number is on the bus ?
what is written in the top left corner of the image
what is the phrase ?
what type of museum is this ?
what is  name in the board
what does the watermark say ?
what is the console controller ?
what is the word in the circle ?
whose photography is this ?
what is the brand listed above the clock ?
what is the name of the store in the center of the image ?
what is this container ?
what brand of orange juice is in the picture ?
where was the scale made ?
what number is on the blue building sign ?
what does the lower sign say ?
who took this photo ?
what word is written in white on the man's shirt ?
what word is written in red on the man's shirt ?
what is the first word listed on the sign ?
what do you feel ?
what is the web address written at the bottom right corner ?
which is read on the poster of the lamp post ?
what is the name of the bus route ?
what is the number of the skier ?
what is the name on the napkin ?
what are the words written in organge on the napkin ?
who is the photographer of this photo ?
what year is the copywrite of the photograph ?
what company has published photograph ?
what type of vehicle has a red cross ?
what does the traffic sign say ?
what is the brand name of this product ?
what is the stores name in the background ?
what is the name of the store on the left ?
what is the name of the store at the booth ?
what is written on the sign ?
what is written under the stop sign
what is written on the airplane ?
what should be raised ?
what do their vests want you to sa no to ?
what letter is on the players' uniform ?
what does the watermark on this image say ?
which country's cuisine is this product ?
what two items is this product seasoned with according to the latter part of the label ?
what type of watch is advertised on top of the building ?
who copyrighted the image ?
what is the name of the airline company ?
what does the green sign say ?
what does the white sign say ?
what does the second line on the display case say ?
which industry, for which india is famous for, is mentioned on a banner in this image ?
what state is wrriten on the plane ?
what type of place is this ?
what does the sign say ?
what number is on the wall ?
what is the name of the store ?
how many inches is the tv ?
what word is in red in the top left corner ?
what does the tube say ?
what products are in the container ?
how much the size of the container ?
which company the cycle made from ?
what is the date in red on this picture
who is author of the photo ?
what is the first word in the name of the sponsor written on the wall of the dugout ?
what famous music service does the sign on the right say ?
what color is in quotation marks ?
what type of restroom is this ?
what company is this ?
what is the name of this building ?
which capital city is white and pink product from ?
what is the man sitting on ?
what are the numbers on the plate ?
what food is being sold in bags ?
what is the locomotive's identification number ?
what does the sign say ?
what is mileage
what word follows "cascade" on the red train car ?
what number is on the tail fin of the plane ?
what is the player's name ?
how far away is the wall ?
what is the name of the road ?
what letters or numbers are shown at the top left ?
what letters are shown at the top right ?
what letters or numbers are shown at the bottom right ?
what is the name of this train ?
what is the web address in image
what is written on the galss door
what is name of placeon the door
what does the red banner on the left in the background say ?
what is being advertised on the top of the tower ?
what is the name of the train stop ?
what is the speed limit on the path ?
what league is it
when was the savoy tivoli bar established ?
what does the sign say to do ?
what text is on the train ?
what does the yellow sing near the crosswalk say ?
what is the red letter ?
what sign goes to the right ?
what does the sign say ?
what color roof is on the train cars ?
what is the first two numbers on the front of the train ?
what is the second word of the title of this product ?
what is printed just below the picture of a tram ?
what is the top line written on the man's jacket ?
what is the word on the second line on the man's jacket ?
what does the line say above the star ?
what do the two words say that the star is in between ?
what is the brand of the blue keyboard ?
what is the name of the clothing store ?
what word is closest to the top of the fence ?
what is the last word you can see listed on the sign on the fence ?
what words are on the sign, minus any letters that are not full words ?
what number does the meter 39 display digitally ?
what is the name of the borough ?
what is written above the 5700 ?
what is the number of the train ?
what is the date
what is the license plate number on the car ?
what is the phone number on the green banner ?
what number is lighted in green ?
what is the first letter by the head ?
what is the company of the red truck ?
what company is crazy about food ?
what is the name of the sports team written on the toilet paper ?
what words are written above each red circle ?
what team is stamped on the toilet paper ?
what  is shown on the traffic sign ?
what type of oil is in the jug ?
who is this packed by ?
what is the word on the ramp ?
what is the name on the street sign ?
what is the name of the shop in this image ?
what street does sand piper ave intersect ?
is it night or morning
what is written on the wall next to the dog's snout ?
what type of retail offer is advertised in the shop window ?
what kind of bus is this ?
how many tall buildings are visible ?
what is the name of the business ?
what does the blue sign on the back of the white truck say ?
what is the brand name in the red circle with a yellow background on the sign ?
what number is on the front of the train ?
what is the name printed in the corner of the photo ?
what number is on the batter's jersey ?
what is the name of the street on the green sign ?
what is the two-letter text on the neck of the wine bottle ??x
what is the 5-letter name of the wine company as written on the green wine bottle ?
what is written after "marques de" on the wine bottle ?
what is the name of the sponor depicted on the wall with 3 simbols
who took this photo ?
what number is written on the sign in this picture ?
what does the sign say ?
what does the red sign read ?
what is the website written at the bottom ?
what is the web address on the blimp
what is written above the front wheel ?
what is the gender of the person on the motorcycle ?
what are the four numerical digits on the licence plate ?
which organization does this logo represent ?
which street is towards right ?
which street is towards left ?
what is the number on the circular sign ?
how many kilometers away is gotenba ?
how many kilometers away is odawara ?
what is a shop name ?
what is cookin's motto ?
what is written at the top right of the photo ?
what is the name of the store sign ?
when was wall drug store established ?
what does it say under the travelers chapel sign ?
what is the name on this building ?
what word can be seen after the word "other" to the right of the mobile phone ?
what is the name of the hotel in the picture ?
what is the brand name of mouse ?
what company name decorates the backdrop ?
what is something the coffee shop sells ?
what airline is this plane part of ?
which airline owns the plane in the picture ?
what name is written on this plan ?
what is the train number ?
what is the bus number ?
which brand is mentioned behind the girl
what word is hand written on the sign ?
what does the red sign say in white lettering ?
what is this store selling ?
what does the shop also sells ?
how much is shipping ?
what is the first bold letter on the truck ?
what is the motocycle plate number ?
what is the license plate of the motorcycle ?
how old is the person in the photo ?
what color tennis shoes is the person in white wearing ?
what is the number on the step ?
what word is repeated three times ?
what does the sign in the top left of the image say ?
what are the numbers written on the canopy ?
who took this photograph ?
what time is it on the clock ?
what mode of transport is in the image ?
what color is the fire hydrant ?
what does the sign say ?
what year is the image copyright ?
where would you buy a bracelet ?
what place would you cash a check ?
which word comes before bank ?
what is on the red sign ?
what is the number on the top sign ?
what is the boat's number ?
name of the market
what brand of trainers are on display ?
what letters are written on the blue banner in the background ?
what are the first four letters on the back of the batters top ?
what is the name of the candy ?
who manufactures the candy ?
what is the brand motorcycle ?
is the cat looking up or down ?
what state is the license plate from ?
how many lives does player 2 have left ?
what street is in the photo ?
what does the url say ?
what watch brand is advertised ?
which gender does this product target ?
what parts of the body does it affect ?
what is the product's slogan ?
what soda brand is on the wall ?
what does the banner say ?
what make of motorbike is that ?
what is written on the red sign ?
what is the beer brand shown in the advertisement ?
what is written on the wall ?
what text is on the bottom of the truck's door ?
which word, meaning the opposite of exit, does the road sign suggest you shouldn't do ?
how much sodium is in this product ?
what is the main sponsor of this racing car ?
what is the street name ?
what is the coffee chain featured ?
what is the bus number ?
what is the phone number on the sign in the top left corner ?
what is the sign for on the building behind the bus ?
when was this picture of zebras taken ?
what color are their gloves ?
what word is the projector showing ?
what is written there
what is the name of the garage ?
what kind of food are they selling ?
what number is this train ?
what is the manufacturer of this train ?
what word appears at the top of the card sitting on top of the stack of plates ?
what theater is this ?
what is the advertisement displaying ?
what is gabu gabu ?
what is the number given on train
what is the sign given on train
what is written in the 3rd pen ?
which mail id printed on the 2nd blue pen ?
what is written on the black pen ?
how old is the dog ?
when was the picture taken ?
who took the picture ?
what roman numeral is the hour hand most closely pointed to ?
what roman numeral is the minute hand most closely pointed to ?
what kind of store is oxfam ?
where can i buy books and music ?
what is the number on the light pole ?
what is written in front of the blue bus ?
what is written in front of the yellow bus ?
what is the answer for option "a." ?
what is the answer for option "d." ?
what is the name of the boat ?
who is the photographer of the photo ?
what is printed on the guy's shirt ?
what is the tallest word on the wall ?
what day of the week does the blacklist air ?
what floor is the "new york sports club" on ?
what does the center text say ?
what is the number on the back of the camouflage-colored jersey ?
what is the line numer on the red bus ?
what is the name brand of the bicycle ?
what is the name of the restaurant ?
when was this fire hydrant manufactured ?
what model number is this fire hydrant ?
what company manufactured this fire hydrant ?
what is the name of the white dog
what is the word written in big white letters, on the blue sign ?
what is the word written on the white sign, in red letters ?
what is the written of the footer
where is the panthers from ?
what field does the milwaukee panthers play at ?
what does the stop sign say right under stop ?
what is written in  left corner of the image
what baseball team do they play for ?
what is the number of the red bus ?
where does the red bus going to ?
what flavor pizza is shown ?
what is the price for the pizza ?
what direction is the arrow pointing ?
where is the east arrow leading to ?
where can i find available parking ?
what police department protects the area ?
what can you find on 100 - 170 ?
what is the model number of the tank ?
what is the number written on the carriage ?
what word is on the red sign ?
what is the word in all caps at the top of the sign ?
what is printed at the top of the building ?
how much do they charge for delivery ?
where is happy nightmares located ?
what is the score of the home team ?
what number is written on the green shirt ?
what does woman holding in her hand ?
what is the website on this postcard ?
what is the first line of text on this postcard ?
what is written on the second line on the phone screen ?
what is the date on the left hand side of the screen ?
what brand of phone is shown ?
what city is the bridge in ?
which lot is this bus going to ?
what brand of truck is in the picture ?
what is the name of the bakery ?
what type of donuts are these ?
what are the first 3 letters behind the tennis player ?
what car brand is this bus ?
what game is being played here ?
who sponsored this tennis match ?
what does bob's discount ?
what number is the skier wearing on their jersey ?
what is the bears name on the apron ?
what word is at the bottom of the green circle ?
what is written on truck back side ?
what is the number of the blue tshirt
what is the name of confectionery in image ?
what is message on the t-shirt ?
what is the subway called ?
what word is mentioned twice on the sign ?
how many young rabbits are in the picture ?
what is the first word written in black type on the upper right of the glass ?
what does it say on the side of this car ?
what avenue and street make up this corner ?
what is the license number of the plane ?
what word follows polo on the red bag in the photo ?
what is the name of this business ?
what is the number of fall down person ?
who made this fire hydrant ?
name on the plane
what is the brand of the seasoning ?
what are the last two letters in white type on the sign on the ground ?
how many trains on there
color of trains
what number given in train
what is the number on the train ?
what is written on the piggy bank ?
what is written on the wooden board
what brand is the checker printed phone ?
what brand is the leather case ?
what telephone number is written on the green sign ?
what does the middle portion of the pink sign say ?
what is left most section of pink sign ?
what color is on the front of the train ?
type of tea with cinnamon ?
so +i ?
what is the name of the food processor ?
what number is shown on the white uniform ?
what is the large title at the top left of the page ?
what is the airline of the plane ?
who is the team named after a bird ?
who is the copyright on the photo ?
what is written in red lettering ?
what is the largest word on the energy bar ?
how do the omnibuses stop ?
what color are the letters in the sign ?
what is the text on the sign
what brand of dog food is advertised on the side barrier ?
what number letter combo is in yellow text ?
what year was this picture taken ?
what is written on the license plate ?
what does the red writing say ?
what letter is on the boys hat ?
what colour is the boys hat ?
what is the name written on the board ?
what is the name of the product ?
how many birds are in the picture ?
what is the first letter on the word in red on the front of the vehicle ?
what is the ambulance numbers ?
what is the name of the store ?
what does the sign with the arrow say ?
what number given in bus
how many bottles are on the table ?
which type of electronic device was being used ?
what color is the wall ?
which is the name of the glue sticks  ?
what is the brand of the liquor in the foreground ?
what brand is written on the lens cap ?
this direction is leading you to what street ?
what is before close ?
what is the word after attack on the sign ?
what is written on the can
what is written on the next line
what does the sign say ?
what is the name printed on the white truck ?
what does this shop sell ?
what is the name of the shop ?
what is the name of the store ?
where is the train going ?
what does the white sign on the bench say ?
what does the writing on the side of the airplane say ?
what two main colors are on the airplane ?
what airline is the plane ?
what price is on the sign with the words snake written on it ?
how much does it cost for a picture with a snake ?
what is the headline ?
what letters are on the sticker on the skateboard ?
what is the name of the store
complete the name of the store royal . which is shown in the image ?
what is on the red letters
what is the whiskey name on the cups ?
what is the street name in the top green street sign ?
what is written under the stop sign ?
what is the avenue ?
what type of animal is next to the person on the bed ?
what is the date of the picture ?
what is the second credit card accepted at this payment station ?
what is one type of currency accepted for payment ?
what is the status of the parking meter ?
what is written on the neon sign ?
what is the name of the store ?
what is the first word in red ?
what does the top sign warn of ?
what is the speed limit ?
what is ahead ?
what is the name of the drink
what is written on the center bottle ?
what is the brand of microwave ?
what kind of beer is in the brown bottle with the tan label ?
what are the two visible letters on the rightmost can ?
what is written on the purple sign ?
what does the sign in front of the train say ?
what is the train number ?
what is the name of the tea house ?
what is the name of the house
what is the last word on the sign ?
what is this truck's number ?
what is the planted named in this picture ?
how are these soaps made
what is the word on the sign at the top of the picture ?
what number is written in white on the front of the train ?
which year is on this picture ?
who has copyright on this picture ?
what is full sentence on this picture ?
what are the names of the streets in this intersection ?
what is the name of the street with the sign on the left ?
what is the name of the street with the sign on the right ?
what is the number on the front of the bus ?
what is the official website of lufthansa airline ?
what is the date on the image ?
what is the year on this image ?
where is the bus traveling to ?
what is the license plate on the taxi ?
what is highlighted in yellow ?
what does the red sign say ?
what is the phone number on the green sign ?
what name is on the wings of all four air planes ?
what is the name of the building ?
what is sold in the shop ?
what is the name of the shop ?
who does the locomotive belong to ?
what is the train number ?
what is direct rail services website name ?
what is the number written on the shipping container ?
what kind of device is this person holding ?
what is written on the phone ?
what is the calorie ?
what is the iron ?
what is the transit bus's number ?
what is the name of the business district ?
what is the name of the vehicle ?
what is on top of the vehicle ?
what is written on his tshirt ?
what does the neon sign say ?
what is the name of the movie on the poster ?
what is the bus company
what is the t word written in blue on the plane ?
what is the years listed on the front of the bus ?
what is the name in the paragraph at the top of the photo ?
what are the first 3 digits of the isbn number ?
what are the numbers in the image
what is the name of the street ?
what color is the right lane sign ?
what color is the top filbert sign ?
what number is on the farthest cart ?
what are the two numbers on the carts ?
what car company name is advertised on the short wall ?
what is the number of the player sliding on base ?
what is written on the plane ?
what brand name is written in white on the bottle label ?
who makes the item in the image ?
what number is on the train ?
what is written backwards on the red panel of the umbrella ?
what is the number on the train ?
what is written there
what is on the next line
what is the four letter orange word on the left below the house ?
what is the name of the animal in blue and yellow above the bib pocket ?
what is the date on the red item to the right of the bib ?
what number is on the bike ?
what phrase surrounds the dog house ?
what animal is resting on the bed ?
what is the name of the photography company ?
what kind of facial hair does the man have ?
what is the seed company's name ?
what does the license plate on the car say ?
what is the phrase under the tiller ?
what is the first word written under the item ?
what is the last word under the item ?
what is the last letter of the last word ?
what type of business is show ?
what does the sign tell people to do ?
what is the name of the person credited in this picture ?
what is the name on the hanging sign ?
what is the name of the restaurant ?
what kind of food can we eat in hamlin's el toro ?
which flowers are used to produce the honey ?
what is the brand of the honey ?
what kind of intersection is this ?
what is the number on the moving vehicle ?
how many pairs of feet are in this picture ?
what does the sign above the tv say ?
what is printed on the meter's blue area ?
what numbers are printed on the blue area of the meter ?
how many minutes is the tape ?
what is the name of the photographer ?
what do they sell here ?
what numbers are written on the mirror ?
what website is on the bus ?
what is written on the jar ?
what brand truck is this ?
what is the specialty here ?
what is the competition number ?
what is the brand name ?
what does the top of the blue sticker say ?
what is at the bottom of the blue sticker ?
what is the first word of the sentence on the blue sticker ?
what year is it in the image ?
how many strikes are shown on the board ?
what is the visible brand name of the product ?
is this a soft drink or beer ?
what number is displayed twice, on the front of the train ?
what words are visible on the center sticker on the back of the laptop ?
what words appear on the sticker above the center sticker ?
what is the name of the small boat ?
what is the red t word on the sticker on the front of this cage ?
what is the black letters on the surf board spell ?
what brand is written on the back of the truck ?
what number is printed on the player's t-shirt ?
what is the players name on t-shirt ?
what three numbers are on the bus ?
what is the name of the business ?
what is the phone number ?
what is the name of the game ?
what number is on the teapot ?
what is the name of the store
what are the words in the top left of the image ?
what is written on the jar in orange ?
how many man are wearing  yellow green hats ?
who is the photographer of the image ?
what brand of plane is this ?
what color is in the name of this plane ?
do you  like salt on your fries ?
what is written on the cong cha sign in red ?
what candy is located to the right of the reese's ?
what state are the raisins from ?
what word is in the box ?
what number is on the building ?
what is the brand on the red box ?
what kind of meal is in the box ?
what is the name for the player with the number 10 ?
what is the name of the team playing ?
what is the number of the player with his arm in the air ?
what are the street names ?
what is written in blue ?
this is the intersection of what two roads ?
what are the words on the bottom left of the image ?
what is the ball player's number ?
what state is the car registered ?
what company makes this car ?
what stuffed animal is represented in this picture ?
what amount is this ?
who's birthday is it ?
which numerical amount is written ?
what do the rock flaps say ?
what does the door say ?
what is before peters ?
what number can be found on the front of the train ?
what does the red sign say ?
what does the black sign say ?
what is the name of the motel ?
what is written on bus ?
what is the word painted on the door of the truck ?
what is the name of the bus company ?
what is the color of the woman's apron ?
what does it say on the float ?
what year is shown on the white sign ?
what is the second orange word on the shirt ?
name a fast food restaurant in this picture.
what movie is playing at the theater ?
name the movie theater.
what is the name of the road on the white sign ?
what is the number left on the wall  ?
what is the number right on the wall ?
what plate is this ?
shades of what color ?
what does the street sign direct you to do ?
what is the name of the avenue ?
what character trait is about telling the truth consistently ?
what do you call a store that you go to to buy something that you need ?
what word describes a person at the beginning of the line ?
what is the stop name ?
name the brand of this baseball glove ?
what country is this plane for ?
what is the first word on the alcohol ?
what animal is referenced in the background ?
what king of animal is in this picture ?
what show is being promoted ?
how many laps are left to go ?
what is the first word on the yellow shirt ?
what company logo is in blue and red at the center of the photo ?
what does the sign at the center of the image say ?
what type of dog
does ge ox appear anywhere in this photo ?
what is written on the traffic sign
what is present in the black board
who is riding the bike ?
what does the title on the sign say ?
what adjectives are used to describe the sausages ?
how many credits are there on the slot machine ?
how many coins are there per game ?
what word is on the white sign ?
what is the red word on the black sign ?
what is the silver word on the black sign ?
what type of cookies are displayed in the image ?
what does the cake say ?
what nes is being advertised ?
what brand in on the red truck ?
what is the chair number in front of the person on the left ?
what is the chair number in front of the person on the right ?
what is the name of the hotel ?
where an you not park ?
what will violators be ?
what is the number on the player's jersey ?
what color are the seats ?
what number is on the players jersey ?
what is the time on the clock ?
what is the number on the front of the bus ?
what type of music is listed on the blue sign ?
what is the brand name ?
what type of product is this ?
how many eggs are needed ?
what is the number of blue bus ?
what type of music festival is happening ?
what water brand is printed on the judge's chair ?
what is the flavor of the laffy taffy ?
what is written on the black bin ?
what station is the same as an animal ?
what are the three numbers in red text ?
what is the name of the tall clock ?
what is the name of the street ?
what is the name of the road ?
what type of bus are the children boarding ?
how many muinutes are left on the meter ?
what number is the person in the image ?
what number is the horse ?
which city is stated on the sign that the man is holding up ?
which number is written on his dress
what is the first two red letters in the white sign on the right ?
what is the name on the street sign ?
which way is the arrow for the one way sign pointing ?
what year is printed on the plaque ?
what does a mechanical integrator do ?
which part of the airport is the woman leaving ?
what words are printed in the ground ?
what amount does the red sign give off of a specific purchase ?
who are the items on the back wall for ?
what does the fence say ?
what number has come up three times on the slot machine ?
what brand phone is shown in the image ?
what is the date on the black sign ?
what is the date on the picture ?
what hotel is in the background ?
what is written on the floor ?
what is written on the wall ?
what is written behind the woman ?
what does the sign say behind the man in gray sweatshirt ?
what is written on the building sign ?
what is the date shown ?
what is the company on this product ?
what is the logo on the woman's bicycle ?
who is the person who took the photograph ?
what is the website written on the napkin ?
what is the sign  refer
what is the number written on player's jersey ?
what team name appears on the scoreboard ?
what is the scoreboard keeping track of on the second row, furthest to the left ?
what is the number of the train ?
what the white bus number ?
what is the destination of the white bus ?
what is the license plate of the white bus ?
what is the website tag ?
what is the destination for a143 ?
what is the destination for a1101 ?
what is the destination for a134 ?
what business type is displayed on the sign ?
what is the text on the orange sign ?
what game is being played in the photo ?
what are the names on the jerseys ?
what flavor are the tic tacs ?
what is the size of the tic tac package ?
which court number is shown ?
what is written on the very bottom of the cup ?
not pear tree
what is written on the ceramic sculpture ?
what is written on that rack ?
what is the name of the yacht ?
what is the strip of colored tile titles ?
what does the sign say ?
what is the product ?
what is the word printed on the red shirt ?
what brand is this ?
what is the name of the bra style ?
what size is the bra ?
what is the item code for the bra pictured ?
what does the emblem say on the front of the jacket ?
what is the number at the bottom of the image ?
what is the name of the key board ?
what type of traffic signal is it ?
what is the brand of the knife ?
for what sea creatures is this knife intended for use ?
in what city is fiskars based ?
how many trucks are at the picture ?
what does this sign say ?
what race number is on the leader's jersey ?
who is listed as the copyright for the image ?
what number is on the road sign ?
provide the complete name of website in the picture
what is maximum  voltage on the bulb ?
what airline is it ?
what is the name of the cafe ?
what is written in front of the bus ?
what is the title on the writing to the right ?
the number on the tan taxi cab is ?
what way is the street in the image ?
what name of the airline company ?
what is the license plate number ?
what do the words on the brown and white sign say ?
what is the first word on this image ?
what is the brand name of the flour ?
what does the sign say ?
what street is the person with the umbrella headed to ?
what does it say on top front of the bus ?
what is the word written in the largest font, in white, on the sign ?
what numbers are clearly visible in this picture ?
what does the sign say ?
what word is shown next to the light ?
what color outfit is the girl wearing ?
in what month and year was the type on this cardboard box printed ?
is the door open or closed in the image ?
who is the photographer ?
which brand is the pink umbrella ?
what game are they playing ?
is it day or night ?
what color is the stadium ?
what alpha-numeric numbers are listed on the first bike ?
what are the hp terms ?
what alpha-numeric numbers are listed on the second bike ?
what is written in white text ?
which armed service is represented in this photo ?
what is printed on the red sign ?
what does the sign say ?
what is the name of the appliance in the foreground ?
what is the train number ?
what does the child have in their mouth ?
what colour is the child's shirt ?
what brand of tea is in the picture ?
what kind of crossing is pictured here ?
what is the brand of the computer monitors in the picture ?
what is the name of the doughnuts store ?
what does the first board on the right read ?
what words are displayed vertically on the building ?
what does it say above the door on the building ?
what does it say is large letters
what brand of motorcycle is this ?
what 3 words are written on the first bus from the left
what name is displayed on the clock ?
what time is displayed on the clock ?
what is written on top of the clock ?
what word do all four balloons create ?
what percentage is listed under the l balloon ?
what balloon letter shows the lowest percentage under it ?
what is the letter in the green box ?
what is the word on top of the bus
what is the name of the stadium ?
what is the name of the avenue ?
what does the big vertical sign say ?
what does the sign on the ground say ?
what kind of spray is this ?
what does the text on the trolley say ?
what is the name on the building ?
what color is the building ?
what is the restaurant's name ?
what is the name of the restaurant ?
what type of store is this ?
what is the name of the premium polymer clay ?
what kind of box is the cat laying on ?
what airway is this ?
which delivery company sponsors this match ?
what is the brand of the dish soap ?
what kind of skin is the palmolive for ?
what is the name of the cafe ?
how many lamps are there ?
how many keyboards are there ?
what is the number on the aircraft ?
what is the name of the business on the right ?
what is the name of the insects shown in this photograph ?
who took this photograph ?
what is the source of this photograph ?
what is the white word on the black sign ?
what is the first price number on the pink sign ?
what is ahead ?
what state is the sign in ?
what canyon is in arizona ?
what is the name of the airlines ?
what words appear on the left sign ?
what words appear on the right sign ?
what is the first word below the bird on the right ?
what does it say in white letters on the train ?
what is the copyright name on the bottom right of image ?
what is the title of this picture ?
who took this picture ?
when was this picture taken ?
what number is on the traffic light ?
who provided this stock photo ?
what time was the picture taken ?
what is the name of the website ?
what is written on the sign above the woman with pink hair ?
what word is written on the vertical sign outside the shop ?
what is the name of the store ?
what number is on the frisbee cage ?
how many trees are in the picture ?
what word is not written in cursive ?
what does the sign say
what the sign next to duty free say
what sport is listed on the sign ?
what does the mat say ?
what word is printed on the board ?
what word is on the barrel upside down ?
what kid of club is on the wall ?
what number is inside the horseshoe on the black banner ?
what color are the caps.
which cities are on the capital beltway ?
what is the name on the street sign ?
what does the red sign say ?
what is the first name of the author of the book ?
what is the name of the book ?
what team name is on the player's jersey ?
how many airplanes are in the picture ?
what brand of sportswear is listed on the skier's right leg ?
what does the bus say on the front ?
what watch company is in the mall ?
what does the table say ?
vehicle registration number
color of the vehicle
which letters are visible in the image ?
which car brand is written in red ?
what brand of whiskey is this ?
what brand is this ?
what type of coca cola is this ?
what is the brand of the washer ?
what is written on white board
what holiday is on the calendar
what date is columbus day
what is in black on the bottom ?
what is the slogan on the store the that the customers are in front of ?
what is written on the glass at the nearest store ?
what are the letters in the logo written on the glass ?
what company is on the plate ?
what type of food is that ?
what is the brand name displayed on the fridge logo ?
what is the clearly distinguishable word on the bottle opener ?
what does the red octagonal sign represent ?
the white sign with the arrow represents turn ____
the letter exposed on the partly hidden sign is ?
what street name is shown ?
what's store name  ?
what are item name display on the board ?
what street numbers does wall street cover ?
what does the street sign say ?
where is the street sign located ?
what is written on the side of the van ?
what is the name on the plane ?
what number is the horse ?
what is the name of the horse ?
what is written on the freezer on the left ?
what does the red sign say ?
what kind of animal is the stuffed animal on the right
what is written on the snowboard ?
what number does the rider with the green helmet have ?
what number does the rider with the white helmet have ?
what is the price on the sign in the front ?
what letters appear on the man's shirt ?
what is the internet address that is written on the wall behind the man ?
what is this boat's license number ?
what is the truck's license plate number ?
what name is featured on the item ?
what does the sign the worker is holding say ?
what is the number printed on the train ?
what platform is the train currently at ?
what radio station is at the hill ?
what is the brand name that begins with "l" on the gray sign ?
what is the last word on the gray sign ?
what is the first word on the gray sign ?
what is the sign that the construction worker is holding ?
what is the first name written on the display board ?
what letter is assigned to answer a ?
what letter is assigned to answer b ?
what letter is assigned to answer c ?
what type of water is this ?
how much do the larger bananas cost ?
what is the time showing in digital clock ?
what airline is it ?
what is the gate number ?
who owns this aircraft ?
which company phone is used ?
what is the yellow bus license plate number ?
what is the word on the big tennis ball ?
what is the word on the little tennis ball ?
what is the text on the largest tennis ball ?
what company is running a contest on the bulletin board ?
what is singtel selling ?
what is the name of the company ?
what is the fcc id ?
what is the ic ?
what number is shown
what is the brand of the camera ?
what is the model number of the camera ?
what is the name of the street facing left ?
what is the text written on the box under "fremont ave" street sign ?
what is the name of the street facing right ?
what brand name is the clock ?
which website is advertised above the clock ?
which bank name is shown twice on the blue wall ?
what is written on the road ?
what is the name of the store with the yellow background ?
what name is printed on the plane displayed in the image ?
what is the brand on the signs that starts with "b" ?
what time is it ?
how many calories are shown on the label ?
what operating system does the laptop use ?
what does the silver sticker say ?
what is written on the side of the helicopter ?
what brand of coffee is shown on the bottle ?
what type/name of coffee is shown ?
what is the name of the website found at the bottom of the picture
what does the banner say ?
what is the name of the business on the napkin ?
who owns the picture ?
what does it say on the refrigerator ?
what does the guy's shirt sleeve say ?
what copyright year is on the picture ?
what is on the ground ?
what is on the roof ?
what is the prominent word written on the motorcycle below the blue light? ?
what does the red word say ?
what are the two black words ?
what number appears inside the red circle ?
what is the license plate number on the police car ?
what words appear on the billboard ?
what is on the book ?
what is the number of the bus on the left ?
what town in on the sign ?
what is the large letter on the boys shirt ?
what's the big text on the train ?
what's the word starting with k ?
what's the number on the front of the train ?
where is this train ?
what is the name of the movie theater ?
what movie is now playing ?
what are the words in the bottom right corner of this photo ?
what is printed in the lower right corner ?
what is the watermarked name on this image ?
which alphabet is written on the signal pole ?
what is the exclamation on the black shirt ?
what is the name of this business that is having the grand opening ?
how many jars of pickles are there in the photo ?
what word is on the yellow bus ?
what is the number of the bus ?
where is the bus going ?
how many colors is the dogs coat
what is standing on the cap ?
what is standing on the shirt ?
what two letters can be clearly seen fully on the cap ?
what is the brand of the computer parts ?
what years are the image copyrighted to ?
how much is the box with sponge bob on it ?
the dare to compare signs have what amount on them ?
what company made this device ?
what does the second button from the top say ?
what does the bottom button say ?
what airline does the airplane taking off belong to ?
what is the name of the green can beverage ?
what are the first two letters of the sign among the rocks ?
what is the name of the field shown on the sign ?
what number is the pitcher wearing ?
what is the distance shown on the left field wall ?
what is wrirrten on the steel
what road sign is there
what cellulare company is advertised in the top of the image ?
what does the front of the black jacket say ?
what is written on the box on the motorcycle ?
what number written on the bus ?
what letters written under the left corner of the bus ?
what is air products' website ?
who owns this truck ?
what is this truck carrying ?
how many jobs are available ?
which country's bank is advertised behind players on the bench ?
what is the first blue boat number
what is the second boat number
what company made the white truck ?
what is the license plate number of the white truck ?
what does the sign say ?
what color is the sign ?
what does the license plate say on the back of the lexus ?
what is the bottom word on the sign ?
what sport is written on her shirt ?
what brand is being advertised on the sign with the woman ?
what does the license plate say ?
what is the number of bus
what do the big red words say ?
what kind of store is loumark ?
what kind of clothing does loumark sell ?
where is loumark located ?
what is the name of the brand written on the box ?
what is written in yellow ?
what is the name of the wax paper ?
what is the number on cardboard box ?
what is the name of the business shown to the right ?
what is the number next to 16 on the image ?
what is the number before 18 on the image ?
what is the name on the flashdrive ?
what is written on the paper in the image ?
what does the person who set up this display like to eat and drink ?
what does the owner of the display like to drink ?
what does the person who owns this display like to eat with their tea ?
what is the website address on the picture ?
what is the title of the book ?
what is frozen ?
where is this photo taken ?
what is written on the clock ?
which direction is right of the weather vane ?
what direction is to the left of the weather vane ?
what number is on the bib of the skier closest to you ?
what brand of soda is in the green bottle ?
what is listed after drive
what letters are on the handle ?
what year is listed ?
what website is being advertised ?
what is the measurement of peanut's stocking ?
what is the measurement of roc's stocking ?
what does the street sign on the pole say ?
what flavor is this yogurt ?
how long has stonyfield brand been around ?
what is the id written at the bottom right corner of the image ?
what is the large word on the front of the ship written in white letters ?
what is the name of this hotel ?
what is written above 8800 w.  ?
what is the copy right ?
what's the first item listed on the brown wall ?
what is the last item listed on the brown wall ?
license plate ?
what does the sig on the post say ?
where is this intersetion located ?
what does the black patch on the man's sleeve say ?
what is the name of the road going east to west ?
what kind of laptop is the laptop box for ?
what year was this photo taken ?
what does the yellow sign say to watch for ?
what does the red octagon sign say ?
what does the red rectangular sign say ?
what letter is on the tennis player's skirt ?
what is the name of the book on the top on the pile ?
what is the name of the book that is second from the top of the pile ?
what is the name of the book that is third from the top of the pile ?
what does the skateboarder's shirt say ?
what does the spectator's white tee shirt say ?
what does the spectator in the white tee shirt appear to enjoy ?
what brand is the white shirt ?
what brand name is on the red can ?
what type of drink is in the red can ?
what is the price of the green bottle ?
what is the year  ?
what name is written on the lower right part of the photo ?
what word is written on the tag ?
what does the sign say ?
what is the name on towards the front of the boat ?
what are the letters towards the middle of the boat ?
what is the number of the coach in this image ?
what word is used to describe this coach, which suggests to the passenger that it will not stop at all the houses ?
what is the colour of hair ?
what is the text on the monitor ?
what is the word before the word events ?
what is the number written on the locomotive ?
what is the color of the handrail ?
what is the name of the bus company ?
what does the middle shirt say at the bottom ?
what is written on the side of the truck ?
how many bridesmaids are there ?
what is the name of the travel company shown on the bus ?
what does the plate say ?
what happens when the red light shows ?
what is the street name ?
what is written on the buckle ?
what is written  on the bottom ?
what is the name of the shop ?
what is next to the seameermar ?
what is wrote on the fallen sign ?
what is wrote on the 2 upright signs ?
what is the name of the boat ?
what is the name of the sponsor company ?
who is the main sponsor ?
what is the bottom word on the red sign ?
what is the word on the parking entrance ?
what are the two words on the red sign ?
what should you book a trip on ?
how many ml are in can ?
what does the sign say ?
what letter is in the player's uniform ?
what does this vehicle state that it is ?
what name is above the door ?
can you find the letters "ri" if so where ?
which word in the image can be an alternative to cooks, as used in the phrase too many cooks ?
what is written on the box ?
what is written in white ?
what is the sign on the left encouraging people to do ?
what is written  on the insturment
what is the phrase across the top of the poster ?
what is the bottom most line of writing on the poster ?
where is the high court ?
what is the big word in the red sign ?
what is atrixo ?
what is written on the front of the train ?
when will my car get towed if i park here to long ?
what is the man riding ?
what is the name on cushion ?
how many billboards are in the picture ?
what color is the storage trailer ?
where is the blue bus going to ?
what is the third word written on the glasses ?
where is the royal palm plaza located according to this picture ?
is the store pictured open or closed according to their sign in the window ?
who owns this bus ?
what is the route number of this bus ?
what is the destination of this bus ?
what is the name of the player ?
what is the number of the player ?
what is the word under the word liverpool on the sign ?
what animal is this ?
what took this picture ?
what is the address indicated
what tournament are they playing in ?
what is the name of the bus ?
whos name is in the corner of the photo ?
what is the website listed in the corner ?
what is the name of the photographer ?
what letter is on the brown shirt ?
what is the brand name ?
what type of food is in the box ?
how many calories is each brownie ?
what company is shown on the building ?
what is the word written on the blanket under the jeans ?
what is written in pink ?
what is the computer brand ?
what is written on the blue sign ?
what large bold word is written in white at the bottom of the cup ?
what is written on the side of the fuselage of this plane ?
what number is on the shirt ?
what is the title of the book ?
what animals are depicted in the picture ?
where do they say they are headed ?
what is the last word on the box ?
what station is this ?
how many kilometres has this vehicle done ?
is subaru sponsoring this race ?
what name is on the red, white and green awning ?
what three numbers are on the license plate of the blue car ?
what does the cup say ?
what is the number on the blue jersey ?
what do the letters on the sign say
on the picture hat kind of shop it is  ?
what does the red sign say to do ?
whose name is presented in white on the train ?
what is the website provided in the image ?
what is the name of the museum that reproduced the image given ?
what letter is on the players hat ?
what trading card company made this card ?
what is the name of the player on this card ?
which city is mention on white papers on bulletin  ?
what is written in flex
what is the first item listed on the sign in the background ?
what is the last item listed on the sign in the background ?
what is the restaurant name on the red sign ?
what is this a picture of ?
what company is written on the back blue wall ?
what brand is at the bottom of the back blue wall ?
what is the name of the train station ?
what is written on the white sign ?
what is written in large capital text on the board ?
what color is the box ?
what is the name on the picture
which road is straight ahead ?
if you turn left which road will you be on ?
what number is on the knife blade ?
what letters are on his helmet ?
what are the words in black, on the 1/2 white wall ?
what doe the white letter say ?
what is the name of the store ?
what do the socks say ?
what brand is displayed on the cooler ?
what word is written on the red octagon sign ?
what is the first word on the top street sign ?
what does the yellow and black sign say ?
what does the sign with the bicycle say ?
what website is this image from ?
what are the big words on the green sign ?
what is the road number for the road fork on the right ?
what three letters are seen above the athlete ?
what number is on the yellow screen ?
how many clocks are on the second left-to-right table ?
how many people are in the image ?
what is the word on the sign hanging from the ceiling ?
which team is the player from ?
what is the number of the player ?
what is printed on the van's license plate ?
what does the sign on the bus say ?
where is the exit going ?
what is the street name mentioned ?
what does the orange sign say ?
what year appears in the upper right corner ?
what word in this image also is a fruit ?
what word in this image discribes what tennis is ?
what is the white stuff on the ground ?
what is the street name ?
what services does this building provide ?
what is the brand of cigarettes ?
what color is the utensil ?
what color is the bowl ?
waht is the name of the street ?
which way do you turn to get to city centre ?
what street is this ?
what is the sign pointing towards ?
what is the website being advertised ?
what letter is on the persons top sitting down ?
what is written in inside the mall ?
what is printed on the blue car's license plate ?
what does the big sign say ?
who is the baseball player with their toe on first base ?
what does it say on the yellow sign with green letters ?
what does the text describing the food item's name say ?
which form do left-wing newspapers use ?
what store is being the sign ?
what is added under stop on the sign ?
what brand is the microwave in the image ?
what is the first word on the left shirt sleeve ?
what does it say on the tail wing of the plane ?
what are the hours the towing is enforced ?
what is the name of the beer ?
what do the last three words on the ruler say ?
what is the magazine title ?
what is the name of the candy ?
what type of place is shown ?
what is the large number ?
what is the first word written on the shirt ?
what is the name of the airline ?
how much are bananas ?
how may ways does the sign say you can go ?
what year term mortgages are available ?
what is the company email address ?
what street is simple mortgage located on ?
what is the street name ?
what brand is on the shirt ?
what number is on the shirt ?
what brand of soda is represented ?
what is the number of the tricot ?
what is the number on the player in the back ?
what is written on the engine
what is the name of the shop ?
what is the name of the store shown in this image ?
what is the title of the book (punctuation included) ?
what does the big orange button say ?
what word is on the red sign ?
what are the two numbers you can see on the back of the blue bus ?
what is the name of the bus ?
where is the water pouring out from ?
what color is the fire hydrant ?
what color is the car shown ?
what is written on the asphalt ?
what brand is this product ?
what kind of product is this ?
how many servings are there per container ?
what car insurance company is advertised on the boards ?
what celebration is this cake for ?
what is the name of the flea market written on the cup ?
what is the name of the restaurant written on the cup ?
what number is on the green signs ?
which transport company this airbus belongs to
what is the brand on the speaker ?
what are the red signs saying ?
how many feet is the drop to lake michigan ?
what kind of brand this tenis player is representing  ?
how many minutes have passes since the start of this match ?
what company owns the train/locomotive ?
which airline operates these airplanes ?
what is the identification number on the plane second from the foreground ?
who owns the copyright to this image ?
what is this
what is the number of the train
what is the name of the ave ?
what number does the display read ?
what is the top right option ?
what is the bottom right option ?
what is the number of the skier ?
what company is advertised on this truck ?
who is the photographer of this photo ?
what model is the truck ?
what word is on the big sticker on the skateboard ramp ?
what does it say in big letters on the white sign beside the man ?
what is the dog's name ?
what is the number on the pug's sign ?
what number is to the left of the dog ?
what flavor is the almond milk ?
what company does this airplane belong to ?
what are the options available
what colour is spelled out in the name of one of the shops ?
what type of business is j taylor ?
what is the name of this place ?
whose aerostat is this ?
what is the text written across the side of the truck ?
what tour company is on the bus ?
which brand is listed on the wall ?
what store is on the left ?
who made the black keyboard ?
how many keyboards are visible in the image ?
what is the brand of the keyboard black ?
what is the interstate number on the north sign ?
which direction is interstate 495 going ?
what is written in white ?
what is the number on the side of that train car ?
what is written in the black street sign with an arrow ?
what is the person holding ?
what name is on the silver face plate ?
what number is on the box on the left ?
what is written on the front of the device at the bottom ?
what number is displayed on the device with the yellow disk on top of it ?
what kind of white car is in front of you ?
what company is this
which airline operates the airplane ?
what street sign is visible at the intersection ?
what is the big red letter on the side of the cup ?
what is the man riding ?
who are the teams versus each other on the scoreboard ?
what is the number plate ?
what is the number on the red bus ?
what is the first (top) arrow pointing to ?
what is the bottom arrow pointing to ?
what is the third arrow from the bottom pointing to ?
what word is to the left of the face on the skate ramp ?
what does the sign on top of the white building say ?
what does the watermark in the image say ?
what direction is before the word portal ?
what web address is located at the bottom ?
what brand is on the brown shirt ?
can i aim my home run at the yahoo sign ?
what is written at the top of the fridge ?
where is the store in the picture located ?
what credit card sponsor in on the carts ?
what yellow number is on the black sign ?
what are the first 3 white letters on the court ?
what computer company is being advertised ?
what name of a city is listed on the advertisement wall ?
what is the word in yellow in th corner ?
which field are these players on ?
what is the brand name of this product ?
what product is in the can ?
what is the shirt brand ?
what does the license plate read on the car in the right lower corner of the picture ?
what is the street name on the green sign ?
what is the word in the white part of the multi-colored sign ?
what area of town is mentioned on a sign ?
what color is the bus ?
what word is  on the red sign ?
what is the only number on the shown yellow jersey ?
what type of camera is being used by the photographer ?
what is the name of the rugby club ?
how many players on the field ?
what name is on marroon jersey
what sport are they playing
what country is this plane from ?
what sport is written on the sweatshirt ?
what name is advertised on the white banner ?
what is the phone place advertised ?
what part of this person is not covered ?
what is written in white letters with orange background ?
what is the name of the shop that serves donuts ?
what is the first word in green ?
who holds the copyright ?
what is written side of the red truck van ?
spell the name of the store in this picture that starts with an r.
what company sponsors the first motorcycle ?
what brand is the first motorcycle ?
what two words are written in red in this picture ?
what date was the photo taken ?
what time was the photo taken ?
what is the first word of the red text ?
what is the first word printed in black on the air plane ?
how much is the item that has the silver scoop in it ?
what is the number on the top right of the engine ?
what is the letter and number on the orange sign ?
what brand of soft drink is featured ?
what food is written in red ?
what does the red sign say ?
what is the brand of the brandy ?
what is the name on the street sign ?
what is the letter in the middle of the license plate ?
what is written on the front of the shirt ?
what is the name of the state written on the cutter on the center of the shelf ?
what is the street name
what are the arrow marks in the board
what is the time shown in image
what is this building ?
what is the numbering on the train engine ?
on which website was this collage made ?
what website is listed above the cap ?
what does the sign say ?
what does the second line of text on the sign say ?
what is the last word in the sentence on the sign ?
what is the title of the book at the bottom of the pile ?
what is the players number on the back of his jersey ?
what is the last name of the player starting with h ?
what letter is on the side of the baseball cleat ?
what is the name of the photo & servicing agency ?
what is written on the front of the boat ?
what is the brand of the red chainsaw ?
what is the brand name of the orange chainsaw ?
what is the street name ?
from which brand is this watch ?
what are the words that are written on the blue pajamas ?
what is the word beside wheelock ?
which vegetable is listed on the sign ?
what is the phone name
what is the name of the team on the black jersey ?
which store name is on the sign ?
what is this guy doing ?
what is the first word written in orange ?
what does the red sign say ?
where does east go ?
what company name is on the billboard in the top right ?
what large building number is above the big glass window ?
what is the numbers written in t-shirt back side
what is written on the board ?
what is the bus number
what does the octagonal red sign say ?
what do the triangular signs say ?
what is the name of the red bus ?
what is the name of the double-decker red bus ?
what number is the red bus ?
what brand of ale is this ?
what days is this sign valid ?
what is the maximum time you can park here ?
what times is this sign valid at ?
which department does the fire truck belong ?
what is the truck number ?
how many bars in the horse jumping ?
what does the white sign read ?
what does the writing on the glass say ?
what is the brand of the orange juice ?
what is the  park name ?
what is the brand of wine ?
what year is listed on the bottle of wine ?
what is the green brand name on the white carton ?
what is the brand name printed in black on the yellow box ?
what is the brand of the object in the image ?
what is the number on the side of the plane ?
what is the name of the plane ?
what is the blue bus number ?
how much discount does the store have ?
how many people are wearing sunglasses? a: one
how many points do the huskies have ?
how many points do the cougars have ?
what day of the week is mentioned on the screen ?
what does the sign say ?
what text is the largest ?
how many access modes does the device offer ?
what are the numbers on the device ?
what is the name of the company ?
what is the name of the shop ?
what word is printed below the picture of the man and horse ?
what is the name on the back of this table in the black and white writing ?
what is the name at the bottom of the image ?
what is the company name of the bus with red and yellow stripes ?
what is the number on the bus with red and yellow stripes ?
what word is fully visible on the white bus with no stripes ?
what are the large gold letters on the building ?
name of the stadium ?
remaing time of the round ?
who is this ?
what does it say the one hang on the car ?
what is the number on the jet's tail ?
what is the brand name of the camera ?
what is the jersey number of the batter ?
what is this device called ?
what street is indicated by the top sign ?
what type of street is brooklyn ?
what street is indicated by the bottom sign ?
what color is the bag of roough ?
what number is on the tail of the plane ?
what is written on the coffee cup ?
what is the company name printed on the truck ?
what is the brand of the truck ?
what does the white sign say ?
what is the headline of the article being read on this computer ?
what words are on the hat ?
what is the man holding in his hand ?
what is the platform number ?
what is the second word written in yellow ?
what does the yellow sign warn you about ?
what is the book titled with a shellfish in the name ?
what is the third harmonic triad shown ?
what minor harmonic scale is shown ?
what time is it on the clock ?
what is name shown in image
what color does the signal shows
what is the platformnumber for  upfield line
how many yellow buses
how many buses in total
what is the man's jersey number ?
what is written on the building on the bottom left ?
who advertises in this stadium ?
what is the business name of the white truck ?
what is the business name and address on the blue building sign ?
what brand of food is this ?
this business is "a ______" ?
what is to the right of this business ?
what does the green lighting say ?
where is this bus going ?
what number is this bus ?
what is the red text on the grey sign ?
what year is listed on the picture ?
what is the name of this location ?
what letter is illuminated on the front of the train ?
what is the number shown at the top of the clock ?
what is the number shown at the bottom of the clock ?
what is the letter shown on the kid's sweatshirt ?
what are the souple doing in the picture ?
what male name is labelled by the sink ?
what text appears in the yellow section on the bus ?
what is the number of the player in black ?
what is the number of the player in white ?
what word is at the center of this image ?
what military branch do these people serve in ?
what is the bus number ?
what type of bus is this ?
who operates this bus ?
what is the code at the airplane ?
what is the name of the bus company ?
what is written ontop of the bunny ?
what is written at the bunny's feet ?
what brand of tennis racket is this woman using ?
what number is on this woman's jersey ?
how many boys are sitting down ?
what are the numbers written on the boys' shirts ?
what is the color of the uniforms ?
what is the photographer name indicated on the watermark ?
what is the brand ?
what is the brand name of this contraption ?
what are the first three numbers of the license plate ?
which company was the manufacturer of the truck ?
what is the name written on the train ?
what is the number on the door of the train ?
what is the website of the company advertised on the truck ?
what is the license plate number of the truck ?
what is the bule bus number
where is the blue bus going
what is name of the bus stop
what video game is being advertised ?
when is the video game released ?
what number is on the building ?
who does this bar belong to ?
what number is listed on the packages ?
which channel is showing on tv ?
what is the name of the photographer ?
what is the first word written on the wall ?
what is the first word of graffitied text visible on the grey slab behind the bench ?
what heliport is off to the right ?
how much percentage this shop giving offer sale ?
what is the website at the bottom of this image ?
what color is this helmet ?
what brand is this helmet ?
what is written on the blue sign ?
who is the sponsor on the blue board ?
what company name is printed on the two tricycles' boxes ?
what is the phone number on the tricycles' boxes ?
what color are the cones in this photo ?
what color is the top of the sign ?
what brand is advertised on the purple panel ?
what flavor is the stuffing ?
what is the chapter title ?
which firm is operated the buses ?
what number and letters are written just below the seat ?
what is the brand name ?
fromwhich company is the racket ?
what year was this photo taken ?
what is written in front of the board  ?
what name is at the bottom of the photo ?
what word is pictured inside the red sign ?
what is the paper asking ?
what is being attacked ?
what number is on the airplane ?
what words appear on the garage ?
what city does the trash can belong to ?
what is in red on the wall ?
what letter comes before the red and blue target circle ?
what letters come after the red and blue target circle ?
what letter/number combination is on the light strip near the tail of the airplane ?
what is the number on the orange dirt bike ?
what brand is the orange drink ?
what is the name on the cake ?
what is the name of the mobile carrier being used ?
what is the ip address of the user ?
what number is on the motorcycle ?
what country's number one choice is it ?
what is the three digit speed velocity shown on the speedometer ?
what airline is shown in the picture ?
what county ems is this ambulance part of ?
what is the black car's license plate ?
what is the name of the website in the photo ?
what is the name of this war memorial ?
what color are the window coverings ?
what sentiment is expressed under the picture ?
what kind of course are they on ?
where are these policemen ?
what is the name of the store in the center of the image ?
what are the two largest words on the blue truck door ?
what is written on grey t-shirt ?
what is the name of the store ?
how many people do you see ?
what color is the middle dress ?
how many statues are there ?
what is the warning on the orange sign on the wall ?
what is the name of the brand that is being shown on the yellow pole ?
what's written on the bus  ?
when was this photo taken ?
what is the headline on the newspaper article ?
what restaurant is shown to the right ?
how much does this slot cost to play ?
what is written on the black and white signs ?
how many people in this picture ?
what is bike's license plate number ?
what is the jersey number for the rider on the left ?
what brand is on the umbrellas ?
who is the author of the book on the table ?
what street does the sign refer to ?
what type of meal is in the container ?
what is written in white on the red-orange line on the side of this vehicle ?
what is written in blue text over white on the upper side of this vehicle ?
what is written backwards in orange-red on the front hood of this vehicle ?
what kind of motorcycle is pictured ?
who manufactured this chopper ?
what name is written on the back of the standing player's shirt ?
what number is written on the back of the standing player's shirt ?
what is the word in the largest font ?
what text is displayed on the tv screen ?
what does d&b stand for ?
what is written on the side of the boat ?
what is the store name ?
what site is the picture from ?
who is the photographer ?
what store is the bus parked beside ?
what is the second word written in black on the train, behind the driver ?
what are the initials at the end of the watermark in the bottom left ?
which pharmacy is the truck parked in front of ?
what brand of bread is advertised on the truck ?
what does it say on the top of the shirt ?
what company runs the green, white and red food truck ?
what is the phone number for zia's
what type of food does zia's sell ?
what are the two kinds of 'po-boys sold on this truck ?
what is the name of the perfume ?
what is the type of animal written on the wall ?
what is written on the yellow sign ?
what is referred to on the sign on the ribbons ?
what company logo is on the side of the vehicle outside ?
what is the full name of the cafe ?
what is the photo tag ?
who copy righted the picture ?
what year was the picture taken ?
who is the visitors' opponent in the match ?
how many games has windsor won so far ?
what does the belfast city council support ?
what is written on the sign
what is the card wishing its receiver ?
what is the name of the company on the plane ?
what is the model number of the plane ?
what kind of sign at the end of this street ?
what time is displayed on the clock ?
what is the time shown ?
who is not permitted on the gym floor ?
what are you not allowed to use on the gym floor ?
what is the number painted on the plane ?
what kind of mail is carried on the plane ?
what insurance company is listed ?
what is the name of the shopping mall shown on a sign hanging from the ceiling ?
what spot is being played ?
what type of bistro is shown ?
what does it say on the side of the front truck ?
what is the name of this  shop ?
what date is displayed at the bottom of the image ?
what time is displayed at the bottom of the image ?
what temperature in fahrenheit is displayed at the bottom of the image ?
what year was this photo taken ?
from what brand is the joystick ?
what does the yellow sign say ?
what is the first word on the clock ?
what is the brand of the grey t-shirt in the picture ?
what is the airline company ?
what is the product ?
what type of vitamin is in the product ?
what type of skin is this product for ?
what is the serving size ?
what % of your daily  vitamin c is there ?
who holds the copyright for this image ?
what is the name on the white sign ?
what is the name of the airline ?
what color are the letters on the plane ?
what is the airline shown on the side of the plane ?
what is on the conveyor belt ?
what is the store in the photo ?
what is the name of airlines ?
what does research do according to the blue sign ?
what disease is represented on the white sign ?
what is written after dos ?
what kind of food can you pick up on this street ?
what does it say on the sign
what number does the woman closest have on her back ?
what color is this cat
what is written on the white board ?
what is the price of the items in the first column ?
what name is written in the fancy font ?
what is written in cursive ?
what does the sign say ?
which add uploaded this photo ?
what is the white text on the shirt ?
what is the website ?
who took this picture ?
what two stores can you find if you go to the left ?
what is the first digit of his uniform number ?
what company does home staging and redesigns ?
what is the year on the bottom corner of the pictures ?
what is the name of the stuido ?
what brand is the car ?
what is the the horizontal text on the top of the sign ?
what is the vertical text on the sign ?
who holds the copyright ?
what number is writtten on the train ?
what is the name of the rail ?
what makes everything possible ?
what does the sign pointing left say ?
what does the sign pointing to the right say ?
what red letter is under the red u ?
what color is the house
what spice is sitting on top of the cylindrical container ?
what is sitting on top of the baking soda ?
what is in the white styrofoam container ?
which is the top word in the picture ?
what shape is the number 350 wrote in ?
what word is written in block printing on the green sign ?
what is written bellow the frames ?
what does the cake say ?
whose building is this ?
to which municipality does the police car belong ?
what is the number on the train ?
what year is test 10 from ?
which company photographed this scene ?
what is the number of the bus on the left at the front ?
what number is written on the wall tile ?
what is the name of the train company ?
what is the brand of the horse drawn carriage ?
what number is the big hand on the clock pointing to ?
what is the name of the website in the lower left corner ?
what territory does the sign say ?
what number jersey is the umpire wearing ?
what number is on the boy's jersey who is behind the batter ?
what number is on the jersey of the boy who is squatting ?
what is written at the back of the truck ?
what is written on the bridge ?
how many cars present on the same around as mj. roofing truck ?
what is the number of the player in green ?
what is the number of the player in blue ?
what is the first word in the business name ?
what is the second word in the business name ?
what is the third word in the business name ?
what is the name of the city ?
how many people are wearing glasses ?
what is the train number ?
what kind of food is this ?
what is written next to the apple logo ?
what is the website provided on the billboard ?
what 3 letters are visible on the sign behind the blue arrow sign ?
what is the name of the store pictured ?
what store does this entrance lead to ?
which direction is the crossing ?
what letters are featured in the logo of the train company ?
what number is between 4 and 6
what number is between 7 and 9 ?
what is written on white scatting board ?
what is name on gray boxes ?
what website is this picture posted on ?
what is the far left wall banner ?
where are the people going ?
what brand is this cookbook for ?
what number is the train ?
what is the yellow text on the front of the train ?
what is the word at the top of the fuel pump ?
what is the message in the board ?
what is the sale at brooks brothers ?
what is the black store ?
what is the number of the row the man in sandals is walking in through ?
what letter is at the top of the blue sign ?
how old is brian thomas ?
what is the name brand of the vacuum cleaner ?
what street is listed next to the statue of liberty ?
what number is written on the trains front red sign ?
what team is playing ?
what name is on the back of his shirt ?
what number is visible on the back of his shirt ?
how much does it cost for event parking ?
what kind of law office is in the background ?
what is written on the grey plane ?
what kind of wipes are they ?
what age is ben celebrating ?
what name is on the front of the cake ?
what is the first word to the right of the red hat logo on the bottom right ?
what does this titan store sell ?
what street is the subway across from ?
what number is on the jersey of the player at the bottom of the image ?
what street is the stop sign on ?
what is the number on the trucks ?
what is the white letter on the red sign ?
what is the white letter on the orange sign ?
what is the white letter on the green sign ?
what is written on the top of the tire ?
what is written on the bottom of the tire ?
what cup is being played ?
what number is the bobsled ?
what is the white t-shirt player's number ?
what is the rider's number ?
what is the horse's number ?
what is the bus' destination ?
what is the bus' license plate number ?
what does the wall on the right side of the image say ?
what is the bus number ?
where is the bus going to ?
what is the license plate of the bus ?
what is the brand name of the tennis ball ?
what letters are written on the top right side ?
what s printed on the red sign ?
what financial company sponsered this event ?
what country is mentioned on the front airplane ?
when is your brother's birth date ?
what is the biggest word on the orange door ?
what is the question on the orange door ?
what does the big red sign read ?
what is the speed of the car ?
what is the number of the bus ?
which key is shown with an upward arrow ?
what brand is the food processor ?
what word is on the baby's bib ?
what color are the skater's knee pads ?
what kind of animal is being shown here ?
what does the gray sign say ?
what type of car is this ?
which flavour sauce is in the closest bottle ?
what can you get if you train hard ?
what is the name of the band playing in the background ?
who is sponsoring this event ?
what are the words on the grey tent ?
what is the opposite of good on the yellow shirt ?
what is written on the box beside laptop ?
what is the name of the boat ?
what gaming system is this ?
what does the business to the right work on ?
what number is on the sign ?
what is written in the blue wall ?
what times are you allowed to park ?
at the bottom left of the screen what is word written on the sign ?
how many new messages are there ?
what number is on the ball ?
what is the name of the airplane ?
what is the name of the camera that will use this lens cap ?
what is the brand on the lens cover ?
what letters are  in re ?
how many roses are in the background ?
what color are the flowers ?
how many stripes are on the coffee cup ?
what store front in this pic  ?
what does the yellow sign say ?
what is the airline written on the plane ?
what country is this item from ?
what credit card company is listed on the ad ?
what is written inside the red and orange circles ?
what word is written in black graffiti on the sign ?
what word is written in white text on the sign ?
where is the bus headed ?
what is the street name ?
who does not stop ?
what can't you do on this side ?
what is the street called
what is present in the green color book
what is written on the top of the sign ?
what numbers are these ?
what is the contact number given in  bus
what danger is there to babies and children ?
what is type of vehicle is the yellow car ?
what edition is the reflekta
what is the web site listed on the speed counter ?
what two names are all over the banners ?
what letter is on the tennis racket ?
what is the day mentiones in the image
which store is on sale ?
what company makes the tennis racket ?
which airline is red and white in the picture ?
what does the paper say in blue ?
how many seats are there ?
what is the bib number of the young skier in the pink jacket ?
what are all the plates sitting on ?
who is the photography company ?
what does the banner read ?
whats is written on the bike
what is the name of the street on the blue sign ?
what year was this photograph taken ?
what word is written
what kind of padlock is this ?
what does the bottom right in red say ?
what is the small white number on the back of his shirt ?
what brand is the bat ?
what is the word before the exclamation mark on the back of his t-shirt ?
what kinda jelly is there ?
what is in the white container ?
what's the brand of jelly ?
what does the sign on the wall say
what is written on the green bat on the ground ?
what does the text under the image say ?
what brand is this blender ?
what is the brand name on the carton in the middle of the fridge ?
what brand name is on the box ?
how many calories are contained in the food in the box ?
whats the title of the purple book ?
what word is on the bent sign ?
what is written on the wall beneath the stop sign ?
what is the name on the first train cart ?
what letters are on the white gas tank ?
what is the first word on the box ?
who owns the copyright to this photo ?
what does the black lettering on the sign say ?
what is written on the red sign ?
what is written in infant t-shirt ?
what brand is this ?
what type of electronic is this ?
where is bus 197 going ?
what show is playing ?
what does the sign in red say ?
which number is in front of the train ?
what country is the box on the right a product of ?
what are the first 3 digits on the top of the box on the right ?
what year was the photo taken ?
what is the individuals first name ?
what is the individuals last name ?
what does the street sign say ?
which type of chocolate is on the hersheys sign
what is the name of the store listed on the sign ?
what does the top most sign read ?
who made the sign ?
name two car companies on the sign.
what security system does the house have ?
what is the number on the shirt ?
what year was the photo taken ?
what is the logo name on the stopwatch ?
what is the first word listed in white at the bottom of the photo ?
what brand is this lens cap ?
what brand do you see ?
what brand is featured in this photo ?
what is printed on the burgundy sign on the wall ?
what is the bus number ?
what brand is advertised on this umbrella ?
what is the name of the company advertised on the fifth sign down ?
what is the label written on the upper right-hand corner ?
what does the text next to the truck say ?
what is the code on the side of the bus ?
what is the puppy's name ?
what is written on the white sign ?
what is written there
what number is on the red sweatshirt ?
what state is named on the blue ribbon ?
what is written, under the rugby ball, on the mug ?
what is the insignia on the front of this railroad car ?
on the placard on the top front of the railroad car, what is the destination indicated ?
what is printed at the top of the map frame on the train platform ?
what airline is the plane ?
what is website on the picture ?
what is the percentage off on the sale
what is the text on the brown sign ?
what is the red object ?
what brand is it ?
what is the license plate of the blue car ?
who's name is on the photo ?
what does it say on the trucks door ?
who is the photographer ?
what is the big word at the bottom of the signs hanging from the ceiling ?
what is written in pink color on the t-shirt ?
what is the white train's number ?
what number is player anderson ?
what is the player's name who is number 7 ?
what is the name of the man with blue socks ?
hat is the price written on the head board of the bed ?
what are the bottom two words on the blue sign ?
what are the words on the front of the airplane ?
who does this picture belong to ?
what four-letter word is visible on the green item in the middle of the shelf ?
name on car ?
what letters are visibly written on the yellow sign ?
what is the first upright, legible number shown ?
what is the manufacturer's phone number ?
what is the manufacturer's web address ?
what temperature needs to be set on a conventional oven to cook the boxed dinner
what is the name of the boat in the image ?
what is the name of the organization on the white heart ?
what does it say in the middle portion ?
what is the name of the website that is printed on this picture ?
who owns the copyright to this photo ?
who is on the magazine cover ?
what is the girl's number ?
who does the girl play for ?
what is the license plate number of the black and yellow taxi ?
what is the identifying number for the red bus ?
what is the route identifier for the red bus ?
how many miles per hour is the car going ?
what is the white letters second word ?
what is the serial number of the train ?
what does the center text say ?
what does the company on the sign sell ?
what is the word written on the sign that is on the bottom of the shelf ?
what is written on the license plate ?
what is the name of the road ?
what is the company that designed the keyboard and mouse ?
how many oz is in the package
what is the brand of the noodles
what kind of taste dose the package say it has
what direction is the arrow pointing ?
what color is the street sign ?
acording to the sticker what does the bannana state it loves ?
what part of the course is this book ?
what edition is this book ?
what is written in bold white on the bus on the left of the image ?
what is the surfers name ?
what is written on the bus
what is the lowest numerical number shown ?
what is the top-most number ?
what is the bottom-most number ?
what is the left-most number ?
what is the name of the retailer that is marked on the navy blue plastic bag ?
what does the sign to the far right say ?
what price do the final reductions start at ?
how much are the shoes outside being sold for ?
from what country are the rowers ?
what country is named on the red shirts ?
what is the company name of the black controller ?
what is the name of the gaming box for the black controller ?
what is the name of the shop ?
how many persons are sitting on the bench ?
how many hand bags are present beside the person ?
what is the train number ?
what does the cardboard sign say ?
what does the black sign say ?
what is the name of the train ?
what does the text on the teddy bear on the left say ?
what name is at the bottom of this picture ?
what is the number between 8 and 6 on the clock ?
what kind of store fronts the street ?
who is the proprietor of the store behind the power line ?
what is the title of this book ?
what is written on the plate ?
what word pictured starts with the letter "r" ?
what court no. is the game being played on ?
q: how late is the shop open for? a: 24 hours
q: where is the shop located? a: chicago
q: what is the name of the shop? a: maxwell street depot
what is the identification number of the locomotive  ?
what is the sign of board reference ?
what is written at the bottom of the image ?
what is the color of the triangle ?
what website is being advertised ?
what letters are behind the man who is sitting down inside the red box ?
what is on the side of the train ?
what is the shop name ?
what is the name of rental car company on the window ?
who does the horse belong to ?
what is the website listed in the bottom left corner ?
whats the name of the motel
what brand  is the cd/ dvd player ?
what brand is the record player ?
what is the brand on this plane ?
what is written on the tail of this plane ?
what airline is this ?
what airline is the plane from ?
how much are the empanadas ?
what are the numbers on the sign board ?
what 3 company names are sponsored in this tennis match ?
what is written on the green sign ?
what is the name of the bus company ?
what does it say at the bottom of the multi-color sign ?
what does the sign say underneath the large neon chinese sign ?
what color is the text ?
what is written there
what is the brand of the beer ?
what is the address listed on the sign ?
what word is between "gifts" and "games" ?
what is the name of the store ?
what text is written on the mugs ?
what do the mugs nay ?
how many teddy bears are on top of the car ?
what words are in red lettering in the image ?
what year is it ?
what avenue is in the picture ?
where is the boat from ?
what is the boats name ?
what is the name of the sponsor ?
what is the first name is the bottom left corner ?
what letter appears to the left of the tennis player ?
how many ounces is it ?
what is the large blue letter visible on the shirt ?
what are the last 3 letters printed in red on the shirt ?
which brand is the surfing board ?
what does the sign on the top read ?
what mountain are the skiers skying on ?
what is written in the red sign ?
what is the first word on the side of the truck ?
who owns the copyright to this image ?
what is the number code written at the bottom of the vehicle ?
what is the second word written at the center of the image ?
is the fuel gauge arrow closer to the f or e ?
what is the word on the bottom left ?
what carrier is the phone registered to ?
which flavor is the stuffing mix ?
what does the red sign say ?
what is the name of the shop ?
how many suits are part of the special ?
what is written on the top of the cassette label ?
what is the numbers on the top sign ?
what color is the bear ?
what color is the word butterfly ?
what is the name of this bear ?
what do you queue under the blue sign for ?
what does this mean ?
what does this say ?
what state name is used as part of the name of one of the boats ?
what is the book called
what is the tittle of the story
who is presenting the story
who is the photo copyrighted to ?
whos name is written on this photo ?
what is the blue can a natural source of ?
what is the serial number for the blue can ?
what is the blue cans net weight in grams ?
what is the base baller name
what is written above the red button ?
what is written above the green button ?
what website name is written in the lower-right corner ?
what are the english words written in the watermark ?
what is the name of the store ?
what does the red door advertise ?
what number is the leftmost player in red wearing ?
what is the first word in the line of text above the phone number ?
how much juice is in this drink ?
what is the code/id on the red train ?
what is the company name that is on the airplane ?
what is the name of the company on the side of the truck ?
what brand of shoes are on the banner ?
what is the name of the platz ?
what year was this photo taken
how many total answers are in this crossword ?
what does the truck behind the man service ?
what is the appear on the black board ?
what initials are on the cup ?
what word is written on the backpack ?
what is the first letter in the photo tag ?
what juice brand is advertised on the glass ?
what are the three letters written in red ?
what colour is the bow ?
what does that red sign say ?
where is the bus going ?
what number is the bus ?
what number platform is in the image ?
what is the name of the company listed next to the clock ?
what brand of motorcycle sponsors the store ?
who took this photograph ?
what year was this photograph taken ?
what number given in board
what is the product shown ?
what is written on the black sign ?
what name appears on the wing of the plane ?
what airline is the plan flying for ?
what type of bread is shown ?
what is written on the foil ?
where is the bread from ?
what type of restaurant is in the picture ?
what is the name of the restaurant ?
what is printed on the boy's green vest ?
what does the salutation say on the ballon ?
what is the name of the agency
what is the brand name on the truck ?
what does the text on the grill of the truck say ?
what type of service does the building on the left offer ?
what is name of the showroom
what is written in back side number plate
was does the white sign read ?
what does the white and green street sign say ?
what are the names labeling this photo ?
what numbers are in the picture ?
what is the number of the salon ?
what number is the footballer in the red strip ?
what six letter word is at the top center of this image ?
how many mile we want to go for a scenic drive
what is the last name of the hitter ?
what is the number of this train ?
what flavor are the chips ?
what is the brand of chips ?
what does the shop to the right sell ?
how many people are in the picture
what color are the shirts ?
what are they playing ?
what is the name of the restaurant advertised on the pole in the image ?
what brand is on the green sign ?
what is the number on the train ?
who does the car belong to ?
what type of vehicle is pictured ?
what does it say on top of the vehicle ?
what direction is 5 ave ?
what is the name of the trail ?
what is the color of the middle jar
what store is in the background ?
where does the number 1 bus go to ?
what is the number of the middle bus ?
what is the number written on the white paint of the middle bus ?
which car brand is a sponsor in this picture ?
what color is the traffic light ?
what is the brand name ?
what does the black sign say
what does the red sign say
what is the number of the train ?
what year was this photo taken ?
what word is written on the top left corner ?
what country was this product made in ?
which brand of ice cream is on the white sign ?
what is the name of the trucking company ?
what is the bus license ?
what is written on the bus ?
what is the net weight of this package ?
what is the name of the baseball team ?
what color is the bus ?
how many kids are getting on the bus ?
is this a firetruck or a school bus ?
what is to the right of the do not park sign ?
above the yellow and orange stripes, and next to the large circular logo, what does the white writing say ?
what is the title on the taxi behind the tow truck ?
what is the advert advertising on the bus behind the tow truck ?
what company produces this bus ?
what is the  current speed ?
how much fuel is left in the tank ?
what does it say at the bottom of the clock ?
what is the brand name on bag
what is the featured web address ?
what is the street name displayed on the sign ?
what brand name is on the bag ?
what is the sign's first word ?
what is the name of the beer ?
what does the sign say ?
what is the name of this furniture company ?
what is written in pencil ?
what's the cutout number ?
what is the name of the mp3 player ?
what do you have to do before disconnecting ?
type the name that appears on the orange sign
type the numbers that appear on the orange sign
what is the bus number ?
what is the speed limit ?
what is written on the triangle sign ?
what word is written closest to the top left corner ?
what is the cellphone brand ?
what id number is painted on the boat ?
what is written on the license plate ?
what is the number below the cherry ?
what does the text in red saying ?
what does the text in yellow saying ?
who is the photographer ?
what is the name of this shopping app ?
what is printed on the black and white street sign ?
what word is printed on the red octagonal sign ?
when was this picture taken ?
who is getting married ?
what is the price on the side of the bus ?
what is the price on the unit on the bottom shelf, two from the right side ?
what does the red sign say ?
what are the letters you can make out on the guys shirt ?
what is the name of the park shown in the picture ?
what is the pullover's brand name ?
what sport is being played ?
what is the number on the yellow jersey ?
what number is written on the side of the car ?
what word comes before fiction ?
what is the brand of alcohol listed on the umbrella ?
what is the name of the pictured establishment
what does the text in orange say ?
what beans are in the ingredients ?
how does the package suggest getting additional flavor ?
how long should you cover and let it simmer when cooking ?
what is the name of the residency ?
what is written on the red board ?
what is the letter on the green circle ?
what is the company ont he truck ?
what is on the licence plate on the bus ?
what does the front of the bus say ?
what does this us advertise for ?
what text appears in this image ?
what is the title of the book ?
what is the bus number ?
what is the name in the website tag ?
what is the year of the copyright ?
what is the name on the top of the green store ?
what is puig's number ?
who is the batter with his back to the camera ?
what is number 66's name ?
what number is after 10
what is telephone number written on the yellow vehicle ?
what is the company name written on yellow vehicle ?
what is the name of the photographer ?
what word is next to the @ symbol ?
which word tells you that this is not tame ?
what is the name of the restaurant ?
what is the three digit number listed in the center of the phone ?
what is written above the coin slots ?
what does the octogular red sign say ?
what number is written on the sign to the right of the horse trailer ?
what shows in the monitor
what is the first name of the photographer ?
what brand name is on the plane ?
what is the bus number ?
what are the three letters printed below the windshield of the bus ?
what text is written in green ?
what is the brand on the red jersey ?
is this a handicap parking space ?
how much more volume do you get with this
what is this a bottle of
what type of road hazard is on the yellow sign ?
what is the name of the store on the right ?
what is the name of the store on the left ?
what is the number on the red sign ?
what is the name of the store on the green sign ?
what is the name of the sign board
what program is over her body  ?
what is the first bus number ?
what is the number of the second bus ?
what theatre production is being advertised on the side of the bus ?
the symbol is for the world bank of which country ?
name of the white van
what street are you on
what photography company took this picture ?
what are the 5 numbers on the side of the raft ?
what color are the girl's eyes ?
what is the bus's make ?
what country is on the plane ?
what warning sign is on the front of the truck ?
what does this company transport ?
what kind of service does this truck perform ?
what kind of bird is in the photo ?
what is the name of the team who is up to bat ?
this name is also what you would call a baby bear
what does the lit up sign above the mannequins say ?
what is the second word on the wooden building ?
what is the last name of the player wearing jersey number 24 ?
what makeup brand is displayed on the green wall ?
when was yves rocher established ?
what top three countries is yves rocher in ?
what is the name of the road ?
what is the name of the shop ?
which kind of activity is written on the sign ?
what is the name of the photographer  ?
what does the sign say ?
how many heights are included ?
what jersey number does the person in the lead have on their jersey ?
what company does this airline belong to ?
what is the abbreviation on the red sign ?
what is the name of the ferry ?
what kind of vehicle is featured on the bottom sign ?
what is written in the red bubble ?
what time does the restaurant open ?
what time does the restaurant close ?
what is the name of this restaurant ?
what is the license number ?
what animal is written on the back of the car ?
what is the color of wrist band ?
what date was the photo taken according to the date stamp ?
what color is the text that shows the date ?
what is the date the picture was taken
where is this going according to the tag ?
what brand of soft drink is served at the restaurant in the image
what is the name placed on the archway ?
what is on the box of lemons ?
what is the number on the front of the bus ?
where is the bus going ?
whats the bus number ?
what should you always do after use ?
what number is on the  train
what jeans brand is on the sign ?
what is written on the t-shirt ?
what kind of noodles are in this
what is the time shown in the picutre
store name ?
what toy store do you see ?
what is closed for the season according to the photo ?
what word is to the left of the hearts ?
what three letter word is on the back of the semi ?
what is written on the bottom right hand corner of the picture ?
what does the blue sign say ?
what is the name of the truck ?
what is their internet address ?
what are their hours ?
what  is the name of this building ?
what are the first two numbers at the bottom right of the photo ?
what are the second two numbers at the bottom right of the photo ?
what are the last four numbers at the bottom right of the photo ?
what team does the man at bat play for ?
what does the white building say ?
what does the green road sign say ?
how much was paid for the gas ?
how many gallons were purchased ?
what sport is mentioned ?
what word is printed on the red octagon shaped signs ?
what is written in the blue line ?
what is the last word on the sign on the wall ?
what is the middle word on the sign on the wall ?
what number plate is on the vehicle on the right ?
what number plate is on the vehicle on the left ?
what is the company printed on the mouse pad ?
what is the brand of the water board ?
what is the title of the poster on the wall
what colour is the icing on the top candy ?
what is the first word written in the green heart ?
what is the second word written in the green heart ?
what is the word on the bottom of the sign ?
who's knifeworks is it ?
how much does contract parking cost ?
what store is in the photo
what number is written on the screen behind the tennis racket ?
what is the number written on the "atp" sticker ?
what is the name of the country written under the olympic sign ?
number on bus ?
what is the license plate number ?
what is the top number on the sign post ?
what number is on the paper
how many passengers are allowed on the bus>
what word is to the left in the circle ?
what word is to the right in the circle ?
what word is at the bottom of the circle ?
what word is written inside the white arrow ?
what is the number on the train>
what do you see in the picture ?
what does it say on the sign
what are the numbers on the front of the train ?
what number is on the bottom right of the bus ?
what does the banner say ?
what does the ad say ?
what letters are in the orange triangle ?
what is the max fine ?
what entree are the people sharing ?
what is the first of the sign facing right ?
what are the two letters written on the bottom most sign facing left ?
what is the name of the building ?
what is the time given on the right mobile ?
what color is the dog's bandana ?
what is the name of the restaurant ?
what does the female character in the image say ?
what number is red ?
what is the max speed it will read ?
what letters are on the yellow lid ?
what state name is on the man's shirt ?
which year's championship is this shirt from ?
what is written on the boat ?
what animal name is written ?
what is the name of the boat ?
which number can be found on the yellow flag ?
what capitalized letter can be found on the yellow flag ?
what is the brand of the phone ?
what vehicles can make both left and right turns at the light
what word is written in large letters
what aords are written on the street
what is printed on the pink sign on the side of the bus double decker bus ?
where is the bus going ?
what is the number of the bus ?
what dollar amount is written in black and white ?
what does the sign with the arrow say ?
what does the triangle shaped sign say ?
what kind of field ?
what is the name of the street on the sign ?
what is the photo tag ?
what website address is written on the bus ?
what country name is on the wall ?
what is the number on the bus ?
what company is being advertised on the front of the bus ?
what is the brand of the laptop on the right ?
what is the used clothing donation bin say the are helping fight ?
what is written on the side of the truck ?
what is the type of authority labelled on the bus ?
what is printed on the hat ?
what is being sold ?
how much does the teddy cost ?
what airline does this plane fly for ?
what is the bus number ?
what company is housed in the building ?
what is the last english word on the white sign ?
what is the main sign for ?
what is the name of the restaurant ?
what word is written on the shop ?
what letters are on the wings of the plane ?
what brand is the motorcycle ?
what is the racing number of this motorcycle ?
what type of food is sold here ?
what kind of food is being shown ?
what did the patient forget to do ?
the patient needs to take his medicine and what else ?
who forgot to take their medicine/measurement ?
what is the first word on the woman's shirt ?
what words are on the bus on blue letters ?
what age is the child today ?
what is the name of the business on the sign ?
what brand name is printed on this bike ?
what is written on red board ?
what is written on the board on the top of red board ?
whata is the name of this dispenser ?
what brand radio is this ?
what time shows on the clock ?
what is the first letter after the red, white and blue logo on the bottom of the machine ?
what are the two white letters on the black machine ?
who is the author ?
what is the name of the story ?
what is written on the gold ball ?
what does it say at the bottom left of the screen ?
how old is the person with the birthday ?
what is written on red board
what is present of display the board
what number is on the dirt bike ?
what type of business is northline ?
where is the motorcycle in the forefront from ?
what is the skier's number ?
what store is directly across the street ?
what is the number of player in the white jersey ?
what other number is playing for the green team besides 13 ?
what is on the red sign ?
what word follows the letter p on the cup ?
whats the image of ?
who made this  ?
what airline is displayed on the plane ?
what holiday season is advertised on the green sign in the back to the left ?
is the sale being advertised on now or coming up soon ?
what size is the sale being advertised ?
what year was this copyrighted ?
what is the website ?
who copyrighted the image ?
what does the front of the train say ?
who is sponsering this tour ?
what are the initials of this tour ?
how many points does the winning player have at the moment ?
how many envelopes are in this package ?
what brand of icing is shown ?
what is the brand name of the donuts ?
what company owns this truck ?
what is the truck selling? 1
who took the photo ?
what brand jacket is the man wearing ?
how many people are on the sign in this picture ?
what is written on the top sign ?
what does the sign say ?
what are the visible letters on the child's shirt, apart from the letter "y" ?
what is the name of the manufacturer of the fire hydrant ?
what does this sign say at the very top ?
what does the street sign on the left say ?
what does her t-shirt say ?
what is this dish ?
how many minutes do you microwave it for ?
what temperature must it be stored below ?
what recepie is on the can ?
to what temperature should the oven be heated ?
what type of soup is used in the recipie ?
what kind of bus is this ?
what city is on the sign ?
how far away is london from the sign ?
what company's name is on the side of the building ?
what word is found after the word no ?
what word begins with a c in this photo ?
underneath the clock in this image, what 5 letter word is found ?
what is written on the top sign ?
what letter is on the blue shoes ?
what number is bazar ?
what does the white sign say ?
whose baseball stadium is this ?
which sponsor is displayed on the orange banner ?
what baseball team name is written in front of the batter ?
what is written on the red sign at the intersection ?
what is the top most word on the red sign ?
what is the word directly to the right of the white arrow ?
what is the intersection described in the photo ?
what could an immigrant apply for, that would be granted automatically to the child in this image if he had been born in that country ?
what brand name is written on both gas pumps ?
what phrase is written on the top of the left gas pump ?
what is written on the board ?
what sport is the man performing ?
how many seconds are left for the crossing to switch green ?
what tag is written in orange and black paint on the front of the truck ?
what word is tagged in black and white paint on the trailer, above the cab ?
what county is the ballpark located ?
what is the name of the team called out on the screen ?
what company name is on this building ?
what is the first name of the tennis player ?
what is the last name of the tennis player ?
what year was this picture taken ?
what is the very last word listed ?
what does it say on the plate ?
what is the word written on the body and the wing of the plane ?
what is the number that is located on the front of the plane ?
which military branch name is located on the plane ?
what is the number written on the shirt of the person in the image ?
what is written on the stop sign besides stop
lane or drive ?
name of the street ?
what is the bib number for the man wearing a yellow shirt ?
what word is written above the 1 on the white shirt ?
what is the name of one of the sponsors ?
what kind of sauce is orange ?
what does the only english text say on the bib ?
what is the name of the store ?
what are the numbers listed on the bottom of the photo ?
what building is the bus in front of ?
what brand of motorcycle is closest to the camera ?
what is on the shirt ?
what is written in blue on the white gas pump ?
what name on the business sign is a pun ?
what is written on the display on the front of the bus ?
what is written under the clock ?
what type of museum is this ?
how many points does the home team currently have ?
how many strikes are currently listed on the sign ?
who signed the letter ?
how many meals get donated when one code is entered ?
what is the large sign advertising ?
is this restaurant open or closed ?
is it night or day ?
what does the sign say ?
what word is written in spraipaint ?
what brand of notepad is in the image ?
who clicked this image  ?
what event is this ?
what letter can be seen on the yellow banner ?
what does the nametag say ?
what is the man's first name ?
what is the man's last name ?
what sign is this ?
what is the platform number
does this contain pecans ?
who is the player batting ?
what is the capital letter shown on the bottle ?
is the clock showing am or pm ?
who makes the land cruiser automobile ?
what is written on the front of the mask ?
what does the food truck sell ?
what brand is this banana ?
what time is on the clock ?
what company's logo appears toward the top of the photo ?
what letters are on the big blue banner at the bottom ?
what does the red sign say reversed ?
in what year was the photo taken ?
who is the copyright owner of the photo ?
what bank is being advertised ?
what college is represented on the sweatshirt ?
what number is written on the side of the train ?
what is the brand of the wrap ?
what is the phone number to call on the for rent sign ?
what is written on the banner behind the band ?
where does the orange juice come from ?
what is the name of the city ?
what does the white word on red ground say ?
what does the last line of text on the sign say ?
what does the second line of text on the sign say ?
what photography company does this say the photo was taken by ?
what numbers are in the animals stores number ?
how many people are wearing orange jackets ?
what type of book ?
what year is the copyright for ?
what is the last name of the photographer credited in the photo ?
what is the first name of the photographer credited ?
what are the innitials on the train ?
what is on the tank ?
what is sold under the yellow umbrella ?
what is available in the blue and white box ?
what is written on the board ?
where is the clock located ?
what drink is advertised on side of truck ?
what does it say on the sign to the top right ?
what does the licence plate read ?
what does the url say ?
what is written in on the red sign ?
what number is on the front of the train ?
what is the brand name shown at the bottom of the screen ?
who is the manufacture of the yellow boat ?
what is the name of the restaurants on the receipt ?
what is the restaurant called ?
what is the plane number ?
what is the red bus number ?
what is the bus number ?
what does the text read ?
what is the special offer ?
what number is the bus ?
what does it say on the back of the jacket for the closest man ?
what number is written on the truck ?
name of photographer ?
what is the name of this street ?
what company is advertising on this bus ?
what is neon advertising, according to the photo ?
what number is on the fire truck ?
what does the red text on the front of the bus say ?
what does the black text on the front of the bus say ?
where is this parking meter located ?
what is the name on the truck ?
what does it say on the balloon ?
what number appears on the vest of the first rider ?
what number appears on the vest of the rider putting his helmet on ?
what number appears on the vest of the rider at the end ?
what does the sign say ?
what does the side of the yellow truck say
what kind of motorcycle is this ?
what brand is the bike ?
what is written on the mug as title
what place on the sign starts with a w ?
what does the url say ?
what spices does the food have ?
what three letters are in the bottom right corner of the image ?
what number of clocks are the picture ?
what are the clocks near ?
what is the time of the bangkok clock ?
how many clocks are on the wall
how much does it cost for tomoatoes ?
what two letters are completely visible on the octagonal sign ?
what kind of street is this ?
when can you turn right on red ?
what is written inside the arrow ?
what is the name on the train ?
what's written under the clock
what is the last letter on the sedan license plate ?
what does the advertisement on the bus say ?
who welcomes you on this buses top sign ?
what number is on the hot dog ?
who took this picture ?
what number is being displayed ?
which number have the plane ?
which store is advertising a sale ?
straight ahead is the ?
what kind of love can you get on the advertizment ?
what is written on the door in bold ?
what name is across the blue jersey ?
what is displayed on the red sign ?
what does the red sign say ?
what is the number in the circle ?
what is the number in the license plate ?
what is the name of the street on the top sign ?
where was the product made ?
what does the barcode read ?
how many different boxes and there at the front
what does the largest sign say ?
what is the name of the street ?
what is the name of the convention center ?
what company's name in on the building ?
what is the month is shown ?
which year is shown ?
what name does the sign read ?
what company is on the black shirt ?
what is the number of the far left team member ?
what is the number of the team member on the front right ?
which team member is to the right of the soccer ball ?
what is the number on the license plate ?
what is written in white on the rear window ?
what number is written on the parking meter ?
what kind of boat is shown ?
what is on the black sign ?
name on the sign board
what color is the water ?
what are people using for shade ?
which key is placed near the pinky finger ?
what letter is associated with *3 ?
which date is shown on the sign ?
what is the 3 letter word on the baseball players shirt ?
what are the first 3 letters on the green netting ?
what city does the sign say ?
what colour is the street sign ?
what is the street name on the street sign ?
what number is written on the vehicle ?
what is written on the lower street sign
what's written on the green tarp ?
how many people are in photo ?
how many children's are in the photo.
what is the name of the station ?
what is the city on the sign ?
what kind of soap is being dispensed ?
what does the sign say ?
what is the name of the organization beneath the man's left hand ?
what city is listed ?
what year is listed ?
what is written on the sign under the stop sign ?
what does the red sign say ?
what is the model number of the fire truck ?
what is the brand name ?
what is the letters on the bottom the blue car ?
what is the train brand ?
what law enforcement office uses the black and white car ?
what does the maroon sign say the group of offices is ?
who does the car with blue lights belong to ?
what is for sale by the van ?
what is the  web address that is advertised ?
what kind of pets are they ?
what is the advertised phone number ?
what words are in the oval on the sign ?
what is the number at the bottom right of that sign ?
what is written on the bottom left corner of the mousepad ?
what color is written out in large bold black print on the sign ?
what is writen on red on the table ?
what is the center for ?
what is the train number ?
what is the number of the horse on the right ?
what is written on the sign ?
what word is written in all capital letters on the poster ?
what is the first word written on the poster ?
what word is underlined on the poster ?
what does the street sign say ?
how many cd's can the player hold at one time ?
what even is being displayed in the image ?
what is on the blue shirt ?
what game is being played ?
how many players are there ?
what kind of watch is advertised
what brand is the instrument ?
what is the name of the photography company ?
what is the color of the bus ?
what does it say on the left ?
which edition of the book is this ?
what is the license plate of the green car ?
what flavor of doughnuts are they ?
what is the brand of doughnuts ?
what number and letter combo is visible on the plane ?
what color are the umbrellas in front of the restaurant ?
how many airplane are there ?
what is the name of the hospital in the picture ?
where is the iphone from ?
what is written on the image
what is the color of the chair ?
what brand is the computer ?
what is the name of the store ?
what street is this bus turning onto ?
what is the name of the business where this photo was taken ?
what is the make of the laptop on the left ?
what number is on the blue hoodie ?
what is being sold ?
what size is being sold ?
what is the name on the side of the building ?
what is the title of the book closest to the clock ?
what is the letter on all shirts ?
how many cents are stickers ?
what word is written inside the image of the hotdog ?
what are the two letters to the far left on the train car ?
what does the clock above the one that says faith, family and friends say ?
what is the year on the bottom right ?
who design the card
what is on the baseball cap ?
what number is written on the third bottle from the right ?
what is in the middle ?
what is the last word on the sign ?
what brand is the soymilk ?
what is the number on the tail of the plane ?
what code is listed on the side of the toy train ?
what model is  the motorcycle ?
what is the name on the bottom right of the image ?
what name is in the top right of this photo ?
what is the second word from the bottom on the left side of image ?
what did the snail eat, according to the picture ?
what company is being advertised on the sign to the right ?
what is the brand of the product ?
what is the date on the banner ?
what word appears in red on the wall behind the field ?
what is the name of the team in white ?
who is sponsoring the race ?
what is the name of the book ?
what sign is the construction worker holding ?
what is written is white on the blue section of the sign ?
what do they sell here that is the "world's best" ?
what is the type of soda that they sell ?
what other food item is advertized on the door ?
what brand name is the man in the grey t shirt wearing ?
what word follows "teddy"
what company does this plane fly for ?
what company is this building from ?
what is the dish called ?
what is the number displayed on the bus ?
what does the worn out sign on top of the red building say ?
what is the name of the flying disk on the mans shirt
who is catching the frisbee
what animal name is on the mans shirt
what is the number being displayed on the cake ?
what are the words on the octagon sign ?
what is this shop free of ?
where did melissa look ?
what does this beverage not contain ?
what does the sign say you should do before you get to the elephants ?
what is written in the watermark of this image ?
what date was the photo taken ?
what is the number beside the woman in the chiar ?
how much does this weigh ?
what is the word in the upper right corner of this picture ?
what does the man shirt say
what is the name of the street ?
where is the name of the street ?
where is the stop sign ?
what is the name of the company
what is present in red board
what is john's lastname ?
what is written on the advertising board ?
distance of uesugi shrine from the signal ?
what is the name of the company that took this photo ?
what sport event is advertised on the blue wall ?
who is the photograph watermarked by ?
how many players ?
how does one get a dial tone ?
what extension is this line ?
what is the company in the picture frame ?
what is the number on the top of the left hydrant ?
what is the letter immediately before the "h" on the green sign ?
what is the number on the green sign ?
what is the letter immediately to the right of the c on the green sign ?
what number is printed on the side of the train ?
what letters are printed on the front train car
what words are underlined and in all caps ?
what level can you find more shops ?
what service is being advertised to the right of the picture ?
where can you start an account at for the service being advertised to the right of the picture ?
how much custard do nuts
what is the brand of the beer ?
what written on the yellow sign ?
where is the royal borough of rensington and chelsie ?
what does the word at the bottom of the photo say ?
where is the bus going ?
what number is below the windshield on the bus ?
what is the word on the fron of the left bus ?
what is written in bold on the bus ?
what is written on the sign ?
what is the make of this clock ?
what is the brand of the yellow box ?
what kind of shop is this ?
what is the name of this shop ?
what kind of shop is shown ?
what is the first word of the shop ?
what is the name of the street ?
what does the red and white sign say ?
what is the last word written in black text on the brown bag ?
what does the red sign say in white letters ?
what brand is the red boxing bag ?
which brand is making an advertisement
how much does the parking for hollywood highland cost ?
who made the piano ?
which animal is at the center of picture ?
whats is painted at the forehead of the girl white yellow t-shirt ?
what is the lighted letter ?
what is written on the outer cardboard  package ?
what word is printed on the bag ?
what is the alpha numeric code on the wall/
where does the person asking want to go tonight ?
what does the person asking want to do at the winchester ?
when does the person asking want to go ?
what is written on the board ?
what does the red sign say ?
what are the letters on the building ?
what numbers are on the middle book ?
what is the name of the bike (listed in blue at the bottom of page) ?
what road is the car driving on ?
what does the text across the black shirt say ?
what is the company named displayed on the balloon
what is the yellow bus number
how far away is rounton and welbury ?
how slow is it ?
where is the bus going to ?
what is the company name written in blue on the side of the bus ?
what is the first word, printed in orange, on the shirt ?
what event is happening at the store to the right ?
what is the name of the airline ?
what brand of motorcycles is shown here ?
what does the statement "we are..." end with ?
what red number can you see ?
waht is the colour of  the tshirt
what is written on the top of picture
what is the name of the browser on the screen ?
what city does it say in blue boxes ?
what does the word to the left of the image read ?
what word comes after the word reserved ?
what does the sign below the clock say ?
what is the red letter on the brick building outside the store ?
what is the sports network written on the short wall ?
what the license plate number ?
what is the number on the white bus ?
what name is written in white cursive lettering ?
what color is the cursive writing ?
what is the image tag ?
what brand is on the red stick of glue ?
what is written on the wall behind the skater ?
what does the sign say ?
what is written on this wall clock ?
what country is listed on the blue sign to the right ?
what number is on the top right corner of the front bus window ?
what state is the ambulance from ?
what is the motto on the side of the ambulance ?
what kind of vehicle is this ?
what are the numbers on the side of the train car ?
how many ladders do you see in this photo ?
what country is the man representing ?
whose car is this ?
what number written on the car ?
what is the license plate number of the car ?
what is the style of the beer with the green bottle ?
what two words are on the bottom of the label ?
what flavor is the syrup ?
what is the focus of this institute ?
what is the number on the train
what school is this bus working for ?
what is the bus license plate ?
what does the mouse trap say ?
what store is in the image ?
what is the second letter in the note ?
what is the company name on the side of the food truck ?
what plant is this ?
which year it was taken ?
what number is in blue with a red ring around it ?
what is the website listed on the blimp ?
what is the year on the plate ?
which letter is on the men's caps ?
what letter does the team name begin with ?
what is the inn called ?
what is the name of the apartments in the black sign ?
what is the name of the diner on the star sign ?
what is the description of the diner also found on the red sign ?
what does the poster state ?
what does the text on the brown shirt say ?
what is the t word on the tag ?
what are the two bottom words on the girl's shirt ?
what does the text at the bottom say ?
what is the text on the red sign
how much time is left on this meter? (please use hh:mm format)
who makes the cream in this picture ?
what does springs of hope make ?
what id is on the front of the engine car ?
what is the number displayed on table ?
what number is on the red bus ?
what letters appear on the back of the white van ?
what is the color of the ribbon in this image ?
what company name is listed in this ad ?
which way does the sign say to merge ?
what does the sign on the bottom left corner of the image say ?
what is the top word on the sticker in the mirror ?
who owns the copyight to the image ?
what movie is advertised on the taxi ?
which cardinal direction is on the door of the van ?
what initials are displayed on the taxi door ?
what's this food trucks business website ?
what would you say is the main dish this food truck serves ?
how far away is tarana
what is the first word on the sign ?
what does the top sign say ?
what does the bottom sign say ?
which former president of the usa has his name daubed in paint on a road sign ?
what is the platform's letter ?
what is the number listed on the boy in red ?
what photography company is stamped on the photograph ?
what is the date stamped on the photograph ?
how much is a bunch of carrots ?
what is the brand of protein powder ?
what does the copyright say ?
what does the red sign say ?
what does the white sign say ?
what brand is the machinery ?
who has the copyright on the photo ?
who took this photo ?
what letter is branded on the back of the  horse whose head is down ?
what letter is branded on the back of the horse walking to the left of the vehicle ?
what is bus number
how many people at the bus stop ?
how many sails are on the side of the bus ?
how many people are seen in the image ?
what is written at the bottom of the image ?
what does the guy pitching's name say ?
what name does the guy observing's sweater say ?
what sport is this ?
what is the name of the airliner ?
how many cloud are in this picture ?
which direction is the plane facing ?
what is written on the side of the plane ?
what brand name is displayed at the back top left corner ?
what is the company written in green letter at the bottom right corner ?
how much is the acer laptop on sale for ?
what does the advertisement on the side of the bus say ?
according to the lit up sign outside of the theater, who is it open to ?
what is the color of the man's cap ?
what number is written on yellow train ?
what is the platform number ?
what is the name of the street ?
what exit is rue paul st ?
what is the plate number of the car ?
what are the initials of the optician on the sign ?
what sport are the players from ?
what is the name of the store ?
what type of mill ?
which brand does this laptop belong to ?
what is the website for the bakery ?
what brand is the peanut butter
what is written on the airplane ?
what flavor is this meal ?
what is the name of the mouth wash on the shelf ?
what does the blue sign on the building say ?
what number is highest on the white pole ?
what is the bus number ?
what are the first two words on the blue sign ?
what does the sign say ?
what is the name of the machine behind the man ?
what is written at the top of the sign ?
what company made this bike ?
what the words being displayed in this photo ?
what number is the red bus ?
how many levels are on the red bus ?
what is the bus number ?
what word is written in white on the front of the bus ?
what is the exact way the letter and number combination is written on the tail ?
what time is it ?
which make is this bike ?
what color are his eyes
what is written below sony on the remote ?
what letter is on the bottom shelf ?
what letter is on the middle shelf ?
what word is this ?
what kind of lipstick is pictured ?
what is the brand of lipstick ?
what is the name of the store on the bottom right corner ?
what is the name of the store at the right side of this picture ?
what is the brand name of the batter's bat ?
what is the first letter of the brand name on the batter's bat ?
how much sodium is in one serving ?
what is the model number of the plane ?
what do the black letters say on the street sign on the left ?
what color is the mans shirt ?
what is written in yellow on the pill bottle ?
what is the name of the spiral notebook ?
what is written in write on the blue spray can ?
what is written on the bottom of the picture ?
what state is the baseball player playing for ?
what is the country listed on the elephant's head dress ?
what is the name of the park ?
what number is within the brackets ?
what are the last four letters on the license plate ?
what is written on the skateboard
what's written on the bottom of the skateboard ?
what is the word printed on the train ?
what word is printed on the back of the tanker ?
what number is on the train ?
what sport is being played ?
what word is written after bunches at the bottom left ?
what is the word in blue on the red car ?
what is the license plate of the red car ?
what letters are visible on the top of the grey van ?
where is the train going ?
what kind of zone is this ?
what url is written the bottom of the white sign ?
what is the name of the sponsor being partially covered by the tennis racket ?
what is the day stated on the stamp ?
what number is at the top of the last photo ?
what number is at the bottom of the first photo ?
what number as at the bottom of the last photo ?
what is the name of the team ?
what store front is shown in the photo ?
what is written on the sign ?
how much % off does this sale offer ?
how many lights are there
what is the last word on the umbrellas ?
who took the photo and has a credit on it ?
what is the name of the restaurant ?
what type of food does the restaurant sell ?
what is the last word at the end of the last paragraph ?
what is the name of this resource center ?
what is the name on the back of the baseball batters shirt ?
what do the blocks on the stove spell out ?
what is the letter on the towel hanging on the stove ?
where is the bus going ?
what is the name of the boat ?
what kind of bus is pictured ?
what type of bus is pictured ?
what does it say on the side of the train car ?
what brand is the monitor ?
what is the last word on the screen ?
what is wrote in green ?
what is written on the yellow bus
what is the number present in the bus
what is display on the black board
what is the license plate for this bus ?
what is written on the sign ?
what is the brand of the remote control ?
what website is it ?
what do the giant red letters spell ?
what is in the display window ?
what is the title of the first book in the top row ?
how many matches are there ?
what is the name of the airline ?
what words do you see on the green and white card ?
what word is on their uniforms
what is the first word listed on the chalkboard ?
what does the street sign on the top say ?
what is present on the red board
what does the sign say ?
which number is on the motorcycle ?
what is the speed limit ?
what is the number of home runs barry bonds has hit at this point ?
how many dogs are in the field ?
what color shirt is the person on the left wearing ?
what does the text say ?
what is the color of he player's shirts ?
what is the t-shirt color for both players ?
what does it say after farmers that is cut off ?
what is  written in green sign board ?
what is  written in red sign board ?
what does the text in yellow say ?
what word is yellow ?
what does the sign say ?
what does the graffiti on the brick building say ?
what is the name of the of the company on the white building ?
what store is on the corner of the stree ?
what word is lit up in blue on the sign ?
what is the name of the store with the yellow sign ?
what is this player's number ?
where is the 112 bus going ?
what year is the tour on the bus ?
what is written to the right of the sitting man ?
what is the name of the store ?
what is the cost advertised on the poster of food ?
what is written on the poster under the title "clock bar" ?
what does the heart sign say ?
what is written on a tire ?
what is the name of the second exit's st  ?
what direction is the first turn ?
instead of a street, what is the first exit ?
what is the number on the boat ?
what website is mentioned ?
what is the name of the corner ?
which website address is this image found ?
how many people are in the picture ?
where is the bus going ?
what number does the bus have ?
what is the manufacturer of the bus ?
what street is displayed on the sign ?
what does the building say ?
what traffic sign is seen ?
what is written on the man's shirt ?
what number is in red ?
what is the second word on the right side of the blue sign attached to the traffic light pole ?
who is the manufacturer of the typewriter ?
what type of beer is this ?
what brand water bottle is depicted in this image ?
what does the box say that the man is sitting in ?
what year is this photo dated ?
what is the word in red text on the front of the can ?
what model is the pictured truck ?
who owns the picture ?
what year was the photo taken ?
how many people are in the picture ?
what is the person's first name at the top of the book ?
what is the person's last name at the top of the book ?
what is the word in yellow at the last word in yellow at the bottom of the book ?
what is the first year listed in the picture at the bottom ?
what does the sign say ?
what is the name of the player ?
what number is the player ?
what brand is the fire engine ?
what is written on the front bumper of the fire engine ?
how old is max turning ?
what name is on the orange train car ?
whose birthday is it ?
name the website url that is branded right across this image ?
what is written on the front of the bus ?
how many man are there ?
what month is shown ?
what year is shown ?
what is the first day of the month ?
what is the license plate of the white car
what is the number of the building
what team is the batter on ?
how much does this pot contain ?
who makes this product
what is the main ingredient combination of this balm ?
what is written on the front of the bus ?
what words are displayed on top of the vehicle ?
what is this train's number ?
who owns the copyright to this image ?
what year was the copyright created ?
what number is on the jersey of the player in the ground ?
what is the name of the train ?
what number is it ?
what doe the small sign on the white building say ?
what is the airline name ?
what is the main color of the airplane ?
what routes are depicted on the pole in the middle of the road ?
?what type if space is available in the building>
what is this for ?
what year is shown on the package ?
what airline flies this plane ?
how much is it to park ?
what number is on the sign the man is holding ?
what type of construction ahead ?
what is listed as 01 on the white paper ?
what number is visible on the shirt ?
what is on top of this building ?
how many person are in the picture ?
what is written on the shirt of the man trhowing the ball ?
what shop is in the photo ?
which roman numeral is the hour hand on ?
which roman numeral is the minute hand closest to ?
what word is displayed in the red octagonal sign ?
what is the first letter and punctuation on the jet ?
what is the last word on the jet ?
what is the middle word on the jet ?
what does the road sign say ?
what is the first word on the side of the building ?
what is the last word on the side of the building ?
what is the four-letter brand of the backhoe ?
how many tree crackers in the box ?
what flavor sauce in the pack ?
what brand name is sauce ?
what player number is batting ?
where is the bus going ?
what is the bus number ?
what is the name of this store ?
what word is handwritten in this street sign ?
what number is printed on this players orange shirt ?
what year is listed in the image ?
what is the name shown in the image ?
which theater went out of business ?
what airline name is on the plane ?
what word is above the windows in the middle section of the plane ?
what is written on the street sign ?
what is written on the sign ?
what is the date on a piece of paper on the wall ?
who owns this image ?
what is the license plate on the vehicle ?
what is the first black word on the sign ?
what kind of condiment is on the table ?
what type of sale is listed ?
what store is having a sale ?
how much off is the sale ?
what airline does this jet fly for ?
which brand of water filters are used in this household ?
what preposition is in the red heart ?
which option is checked on the magnetic writing board ?
what is the first place written on the red sign ?
what is the third place written on the red sign ?
what is written on the bottom line of the red sign ?
what is the word in white and green ?
what is written on the gray tent ?
what word is written on the side of the camper ?
what is the banner on top adversiting ?
who advertises wines and liquors ?
what is the name of the restaurant ?
what is written in bright orange letters ?
what is written in the circle in the upper left corner ?
what does 5 apples cost ?
what country is listed on the planes ?
what letters are in the red part of the circle logo at the bottom left ?
what is the name on the photo ?
what is the street name ?
what year was the autograph given ?
who should watch out ?
where is the vic braden tennis college ?
what is the cord product's name ?
what is the mentioned website ?
what is the license plate number if the black car ?
what does the sign board in red color read ?
what word is below the motorcycle ?
what is the image displayed on the box ?
what does it say in the digital watch ?
what brand of modem is this ?
what airline is this ?
what is the photographer's first name ?
what year is this image copyrighted ?
what holiday does it state that the bear is representing ?
what is the name in right corner
what is the date in the bottom right cornder ?
what website is the picture from ?
what is the jersey number ?
what is the name on the jersey ?
what is the banner advertising ?
what is the month of this picture ?
what year was this picture taken ?
what is written on the boy's t-shirt ?
what day does the sign say it is ?
what brand is this item ?
what sport is being played ?
what word is on the skis ?
what is the man doing in picture ?
what is the name of the clothing line written on the blue piece in the upper left corner ?
what brand is written on the left billboard ?
what number written on the two wheeler ?
what is the name of the city on the side of the car ?
what color is her hair
what does the text on the right say ?
which city are these trucks from ?
what is the warning on the top yellow board ?
on the billboard with the bottles, what is written in the green box ?
what is the first ingredient ?
what type of egg does this contain ?
what is the brand name ?
what is the last word on the partition including the question mark ?
what brand of snowboard is the boy usin ?
what letters are in the photo
what is the platform number
what is written on the side of the first train carriage ?
what food can you get at the business on the right ?
what can you get at the shop on the left ?
what is the name of the bus service ?
what is the tag number for the bus ?
what street is this ?
what avenue is this ?
which street is ahead ?
what is written diagonally on the middle window ?
what is the number on the player's jersey ?
what number is on the boats hull ?
how many bikes are there ?
what does the octagonal red sign say ?
what is the photo tag ?
what is the name on the copyright in the lower corner ?
what is the store's name ?
how long has this company been in business ?
what type of limo is this ?
what is the website for the company ?
what is the phone number printed on the car  ?
what is the brand of the white car  ?
what is the speed limit ?
what letters are in the grass ?
what word is written on the back plane ?
how do the interns describe themselves in the quotations ?
what two streets are shown ?
what is on the front shelf ?
what colors are the snowbird logo ?
what color is the logo on the skiers jacket ?
what is written on the t-shirt
what is the gender of the person in black jaket ?
what fruit is being sold ?
what are these instructions for ?
what is the name of this alley ?
what number is located on the bow of the boat ?
what is the name on the side of the boat ?
name any of the sponsors of this event (pictured on the blue walls in front of the stands).
what is the name of the store ?
what do the bottom two lines of text say ?
what kind of pasta is it ?
what does the print on glass say ?
what is the name displayed on the black cup ?
what does the sign say at the top of the building ?
how many books are there ?
what airline owns the airplane ?
what is written on the side of the airplane ?
what is bottle name ?
what is the tv network mentioned ?
what does the license plate say ?
what brand of motorcycle is this ?
what year is this vaccine for ?
what word is on the trash can ?
what  is the name brand of the trask can ?
what might the trash can be used for ?
who's tee shirt is this ?
what word has the largest font on the blue cap ?
which numbers (including the hyphen) are on the license plate of the uncovered vehicle ?
what is the red street sign ?
what is the company name of this vehicle ?
what is the number of the vechicle ?
what sport is being played ?
what color is the ground ?
what color are the bleachers ?
what is the green fruit ?
what is the orange fruit
what letters are repeated on the sign ?
what color is the water bottle ?
what office number does the block belong to ?
what does the blue sign say ?
what name is listed on the golf cart ?
how many girls in it ?
what is written in graffiti behind the skateboarder ?
where is the wine from (country) ?
how old is the person receiving the cake ?
what is the occasion ?
what is the expiration date on this package of meat ?
what is on the back of the truck
what text is above the toilet ?
what brand is the mousepad ?
what is the mail box's number ?
what website is listed ?
what year is listed ?
what is the name of the synagogue embroidered at the bottom of the image ?
what is the name of the airlines ?
what is the name of the boat ?
who made this ?
what is that shoe made of ?
what street is left ?
what is the speed limit  ?
what type of sign is behind them ?
what is the speed limit behind the boys playing ?
what is the name of the train ?
what is the brand of the black snowboard ?
what is the name of the company on the umbrella ?
what is the number in the 9 o'clock position on the dial on the center right ?
what food is the vendor selling ?
what is the number at the pedestrian crossing ?
what is the text between the mcdonalds m ?
what is the name of the bus ?
what is the message on the phone ?
what state is written on the sign in the upper left hand corner ?
what famous soft drink name is printed on the glass with the dark liquid ?
what is the number in white and right ?
how much does the product on the left side of the image cost ?
how much can you get two bottles for on the right side the image ?
what does the logo on the floor say ?
what color is the banana ?
what street does the green sign lead you to ?
what is written in the blue circle on the store front ?
what is this car services company name ?
what types of services do they offer ?
what is the type of this board ?
what type of disease will come while we inhaled the asbestos dust ?
what is the brand of the sewing machine
what number is under the window ?
what is the place in the picture ?
where is the white  bus going to
what  is the license plate number of the bus
what is the route number the bus
what is the license plate of the van ?
what is written in orange paint on the van ?
what is written on the red sign ?
what three letter acronym is shown on the front of the helicopter ?
what is printed on the road ?
what is the brand of all of the locks ?
what are the four numbers visible in the top row of the lock on the right ?
did someone with the last name smith take this photo ?
what is the number on the train car ?
what is the letter on the train car ?
what is the letter and number combination on the train car ?
what is written in white on the blue awning ?
what is the expected temperature ?
what region is written on the side of the rail car ?
what is the number on the side of the rail car ?
who took the picture ?
what type of center is shown ?
what are the letters on the gray sweat shirt ?
what letter is backwards in the word krew ?
the black shirt says ball is what ?
what word comes directly before the word your ?
who is the mobile service provider for this phone ?
what is the word next to the logo ?
what is the last thing it says on the bottom of the sticker on this phone ?
what is the store in the picture advertising ?
what does the sign read in the window ?
how much recycled paper is the paper bag on the left of the oven made of ?
what is the bus number ?
what is the bus number ?
what number is this ?
what is the number on the front of the bus ?
what is the license plate of the car ?
what is the copyright website listed ?
what is the first name of the photographer credited in the photo ?
what is the last name of the photographer credited in the photo ?
what is the car brand on the sign ?
what is the name on the food truck ?
what is on the woman in white's head ?
how many mph does the lit uo sign say ?
what city is written on the wall behind the man's legs ?
what year was this photo taken ?
what is the number given on t-shirt
what name is display on tv
what is the telephone number on the truck ?
what word is printed in red on the front of the truck ?
what type of protein bar is there ?
what phone company is in this picture ?
what company does this truck belong to ?
what is written in yellow on the bottom ?
what does the green banner say ?
what is the bus number ?
where is the bus going ?
what business is shown in the background of this image ?
what year is written on the boys shirt
what is brand of wine ?
what is the number below the giant glass ad ?
what website is being advertised on the right of reebok ?
what number is on the players jersey in the foreground of the picture ?
what kind of mexican food ?
what is the name of the restaurant ?
what is the name of the airline on the side of the plane ?
who is the auther of the book  ?
what is the name of the book ?
what year was the photo taken
who is the photographer
what has the child scored on her game ?
what is the website shown ?
what is the first word written on the cup in the lower left-hand corner ?
what is the name of the street ?
what forms on this side ?
which brand is written on the yellow umbrella ?
what is showing in the wooden board
what is written in the license plate of the two wheeler ?
where is this train going ?
what kind of sale does the store to the right have for graphic tees ?
what is written on the folder ?
who took the picture ?
what is the sign of bus refer
what is the sign of board refernce
what are the letters in the vane ?
what company is depicted in the photograph ?
what slogan is found in the bottom left corner of the advertisement ?
what word is written above each picture ?
what month and date of torpentag's development ?
what is the sign of board reference ?
what is the racers bike number ?
who sponsors the racer ?
what does the 5 mean on his shirt ?
what is the first word in the website tag ?
what is written on the plane ?
from which company is the shirt ?
from which sport is the shirt ?
how many of the alphabet letter t are in the words on the canoe ?
how many upside down words are there on the canoe ?
what platform number is this ?
what street is this ?
what is the name of the john grisham book ?
what is present in black flag
what country does it say on the blue sign ?
what are the cross streets in this image ?
what does the writing on the train say ?
which bank is being advertised on the hoarding ?
what word is on the surfboard ?
what collection is this from ?
how many people in this picture are wearing black ?
what brand of keyboard is being used ?
what is the name of the shop ?
what number is written on the boat ?
what is written on the cake ?
what was just launched ?
what is the number on the back of the shirt worn by the player holding the bat ?
what is the name of the player is holding the bat ?
what is the name on the shirt of the player holding the bat ?
what is the name of the building beside the clock tower ?
what is the name of the street on the sign hanging from the traffic light ?
who took this photo ?
what is the first word at the very top of the photo on the blue bottle ?
what bus number is displayed ?
what name is displayed under the bus number ?
who took this photo ?
on what street is the photo taken ?
on what date was the photo taken ?
what is written in carry bag
what holiday does this depict ?
what drink is this an ad for ?
what brand is this for ?
what is on the train ?
whose photography is this ?
what is the sign of board reference ?
what should you do if you love liberty ?
what number is written after the "cu ft" writing ?
which lobby are the people in ?
what word is written on the concrete ?
what website can you view this camper ?
what is the number after the slash ?
what train station is this ?
what is written in cursive at the top of the guitar pick ?
what is the name of the airline ?
what is the watermark ?
how much speed
what brand is this product from ?
where is this bus going ?
what number is written on the bus ?
what time was the picture taken ?
what us the number stamped on the side of the coal container ?
what is the date of this image ?
what is the time on the image ?
what is written on the bear's shirt ?
what is written on the red shirt ?
what is written on the keychain ?
what airline owns this plane ?
what is the number on the blue catchers jersey ?
what is the name of the road ?
what is written on the sign with the white arrow ?
how many km/h is shown here ?
that tiny river ?
starts with a p, ends with an arks
what is the brand name of this equipment ?
what is the written on the wall poster in red ?
what book is shown here ?
what kind of activity will take place at the house in the photo ?
what does the police sign say ?
what is the word on the back of shirt ?
what number is on the red shirt ?
what number is on the white shirt ?
rugs are called ?
what brand is on the left hand side of the photo ?
what military branch is this airplane ?
what two letters are written at the top of the tail of the airplane ?
what is the name of the brand on the image ?
what is written on the side of this train ?
what is the number on this train ?
what is written on the image ?
what website is on the screen of the woman's computer ?
what is the name of the by cycle
how many peoples on there
what is the color of kerchief
what word is written in black on a white background on the train ?
what number is the middle boat ?
what is the name of the store ?
who does the bus provide transport for?q
what does the front door of the yellow car say ?
what two letters come directly after the word club in this pciture ?
what is the website shown in the image
what does the red/white sign say ?
what is the license plater number on the white van ?
what companies are sponsoring this tennis game ?
what is written on the first line of the red tshirt ?
what is written on the second line of the red tshirt ?
what is the difference between the two ?
what is the brand of this tennis racket ?
who is the merchant of this shirt ?
what is the name of the store on the right ?
what do the red signs in the window of the store on the right say ?
what is the name of the game with red letters ?
what store is shown in the left ?
which place mentioned  the black board
which place mentioned  the white board
what is written on the decal on the tip of the surfboard ?
what word is on the surfboard ?
what is printed on the licence plate ?
what company name is on the middle blue banner ?
how many minutes are on the timer ?
what bran is the yellow box ?
how many seconds are on the timer ?
what colour is the sign ?
what does the sign say ?
what colour is the text ?
what word is displayed on the side of the big rig truck trailer ?
what year was the photo taken in ?
from what brand are these gold balls ?
what operating system is this program for ?
what is name of the flight
what is the number written on flight
what color is the skateboarders shirt ?
what is the letter on their uniforms ?
which year is on the wine label ?
what beer brand is on the truck ?
how many l is this cup ?
what is the name of the donut shop ?
what is the brand name listed in the circle logo ?
what is the sport
whats the players jersey number
what does the sign with the arrow say ?
what orange words are written on the blue food truck ?
where is the bus going ?
what is the first name of the person who owns the copyright ?
what is the name on the bottom left of the image ?
what is the landing-page error message displayed ?
what number is on the white shirt ?
what number is on the black shirt ?
what number is on the batter's shirt ?
what number is on the train ?
what is on the right side of the green advertisment ?
what is the wording in fron of the bus ?
what 3 letter word is repeated on the large red banner ?
what name is on the blue sign ?
what drink name is on the tent ?
what is the bus number ?
where is the bus going ?
what is the website of the bus company ?
what types of cupcakes are displayed ?
what address given in train
what is the sign of board refernce
what company does this airline belong to ?
what should you lower ?
what year is the first bike on display ?
what is the make of the first bike ?
what are the numbers on the second line in front of the word scrambler ?
the surfboard, unused, on the left has what saying label ?
what number is the player catching the frisbee ?
what is on the sign board
which bank is this ?
what website is written on the image ?
what is the final step shown ?
what is the first prep step ?
what is the second step ?
what is the letter inside store with lights ?
what word is handwritten under the word stop ?
what is the bus number
what number is written in this bus number board ?
what are the first three letters of the car license plate ?
who is the bridegroom's mother ?
what two letters are on the pitcher's hat ?
what number can you see on the back of the pitcher's shirt ?
what limit can trucks not weigh more than ?
what day of the week does street cleaning occur ?
during what months does street cleaning occur ?
during what hours does street cleaning occur ?
what business is near the clock ?
is it open or closed ?
what does that building provide ?
what is the bottom word on the neon sign ?
what is written on the bigger bottle ?
what is the brand on the front of the red machine ?
what number is written on the blue plane ?
what is the shop in black letters ?
what airline company is printed on the plane ?
what is the name of the store called ?
where is the store located ?
what website is listed above the red sign ?
what two letters are on the far right side of the picture ?
what is the first number of the pitcher's jersey ?
whta is the name of the brand ?
how many percent and up discount in the store ?
what is the first word on the tag ?
what does the sign say the name of the luggage is ?
what kind of juice is in the refrigerator ?
what kind of beer is in the refrigerator ?
what brand is being advertised on the window ?
what floow is visable in the majority of the image
what jersey number is shown ?
what is the name of restaurant  ?
what team is playing ?
where is this man playing disc golf ?
which hole is the man playing ?
what is the name of player
what's the name of the cafe in the image ?
select all words in the picture.
what name does the sign say ?
what is written on the green placard ?
what is this
what color is the bowl
what color is the soup
what is the cost of the top dish on the top menu
what name of the company of the menu
what the sin say's under the exit sign
what is the name of the store that is above the escalator ?
what is the restaurant name ?
what does the url say ?
who is a sponsor of the team ?
what is the name of the teams website ?
what is the speed limit ?
which exit number is on the sign ?
what beer is on the sign ?
what is the plate number on the trailer ?
what is the first word written in the graphic ?
what are the words on the yellow bag, sitting next to the man in orange ?
what is the number under "ocean pack", on the yellow bag ?
what was the warning sign tells you ?
what year was this picture taken ?
what day was this pictures taken ?
what month was this picture taken ?
what company was the picture supplied to ?
what is the license plate number for the bus
what is the founding date for the western & southern financial group ?
wwhat is the name of the financial group advertised on the wall ?
what is the name of the bar ?
what food is on the menu of the bar ?
what is the number printed on the back of the man hitting the ball ?
what does the red sign say ?
what is the name of the airline ?
where is this bus going ?
who is the manufacturer of this bus ?
what is the brand of the altimeter ?
where does the brown ale in the picture come from ?
what color does the plaque describe their ale as ?
what is the name of the closest store ?
which team is the fan in the bright blue shirt wearing ?
what players name is on the sideline green bench ?
what letter is on the pitchers white hat ?
what kind of emergency vehicle is in the middle of the photo ?
what store is on the left ?
what company is shown is the air plane ?
what is the number of this bus ?
what is the destination of this bus ?
what is written on the sign ?
which company made this chain holder ?
what is the number in blue writing that constitutes the number of the bus route ?
what numbers appear on the motorcycle's yellow license plate ?
what is the name of the store ?
what is the date of this photograph ?
what type of bus is this ?
what city is being explored ?
what does the phone number read ?
what does the garbage can say ?
what is the name of the blue candy ?
how much is it per 1/4 lb of caramel barrels ?
what is the highest number on the scales ?
what words are listed in black type on a sticker on the glass jar ?
what numbers are displayed on the green train car ?
what letters are on the player with the gray shirts chest ?
what is printed on the red sign ?
what is printed on the white sign ?
what is the brand of the bike ?
what is the name of the company that is listed on this measuring cup ?
how many total cups can be measured ?
how many total onces can be measured ?
what are the people celebrating ?
what does the large lettering say on the side of the left bus ?
what does the smaller lettering say on the side of the left bus ?
what is the business name in blue across the street ?
which bus is this.
which number crosstown bus is this.
what does the red sign say ?
who owns the copyright to this photo ?
what directions does the road sign have ?
what's the name of the bridge ?
what route numbers are signposted ?
what airline is the plane from ?
what is the number written on the batter's shirt ?
what does the right white bucket say ?
what does the left white bucket say ?
what is written in purple lettering on the side of the airplane on the left ?
what is written in white lettering on the tails of the two planes ?
what is the he bus number of the second bus from the left
what is the brand on the umbrella ?
what letter is on the right side ?
what street was the photo taken near ?
what color jacket is he wearing ?
what is written on the bottom ?
what website address is on this picture ?
what is the text located on the white strap ?
what is the three digit number on the left of the train ?
how much does this sandwich cost ?
what company made the sandwich ?
what type of sandwich is it ?
what is the number on the licence plate on the white van ?
what is written in blue on the football shirt ?
what are the words on the window ?
what time is shown on the phone screen ?
what day of the week is shown on the calendar app ?
what app has gears ?
what is written on the truck
what is the largest word written on the label of the tape ?
what type of tape is used on this 4 track ?
what type of condiment is pictured ?
what is written on the shaker ?
what is the name of this street ?
what is the website tag ?
what is written in ball
what branch of the milary does the person in uniform represent ?
what does the front of the bus say ?
what does hte blue labeled box say
name the letter at the bottom of the screen
what numbers are written on the license plate ?
what is written on the satellite dish ?
what are the first letters written on the license plate ?
what type of dining is the restaurant in the back ?
what does it say under the word 'twenty's' ?
what does it say on the lower rear side of the honda ?
what is the name of the street ?
which brand of shoe is on display ?
what does the plaque read on the pillar ?
what brand are the buses ?
what bus number is the middle bus ?
what brand is the sharpener ?
vege what ?
what number does the little hand point to ?
what is the brand of the clock ?
what is the word printed at the bottom of the yellow sign to the right ?
what is written across the top of the structure on the left ?
what number is on the speed limit sign ?
what is the bus route number ?
what does the octagonal red sign say ?
what is the second item on the menu ?
what word is painted beneath the big 'n' ?
what number is on the shirt ?
what letter is on the pitcher's hat ?
what is the number on the sign that says for rent ?
what brand is the laptop in the picture ?
what is the number written on shirt of the player in the foreground ?
what is written on the sign ?
what is written in blue on the t-shirt ?
where can this picture be found ?
when was the photo taken ?
what is the number displayed on the front of the train ?
what temperature does the food need to reach ?
how many grams of protein does the product contain ?
which signs can you see all of the word
what words are written on the van ?
what is the name written on the bottom of the hwy sign on the right side ?
what is the name on the bottom of the left of the photo ?
what does the acronym tpx stand for ?
what brand is the construction vehicle ?
what does the tagline say under the tv ?
what word is illuminated on the street sign ?
what word is painted on the ground ?
how much does the hotel cost a night ?
what does the sign say ?
what are you not allowed to do 'on red' at this intersection ?
which bank is located on the corner ?
which bank is santa riding past ?
what does the text on the front of the train say ?
what does the small print on the blue shirt say ?
what is the dish called ?
what state is shown in text ?
what is written on the cutout of texas ?
what restaurant can you get this sandwich from ?
what is the food product type ?
what time does the clock say ?
what is the bus name
where the bus to go
what comes after "publicado en" in this photo ?
where does a left turn take you
what is the destination of the bus  ?
what does the street sign say ?
what is the button over the shift ?
what is written in bus
what is the route number ?
what company does this man work for ?
what is the railway ?
what is the text in the yellow box on the building ?
what is the punishment for honking ?
what is the train number ?
what football team is branded on the ball
what number is the train car ?
what is the name on the bottom left of the train in blue ?
what numbers are in parentheses on the yellow sign ?
what company is listed on the yellow sign ?
what is written on the red sign ?
what word follows the numbers 3335 on this sign ?
what numbers are on the upper sign ?
what is the number written in red on the bus ?
what sign is hanging from the ceiling ?
what does the street sign say ?
what is the bag used for ?
what color is the plastic bag ?
what is the program at 7pm ?
who should this be returned to ?
what is the name of the tour bus company ?
what year was the image taken according to the text ?
what is the jersey number ?
what number is written on the sign behind the soldiers ?
what number is seen in the book ?
what percentage off is the orange sale sign ?
what is the name of the store on the top left ?
what is the name of the store on the top right ?
what number is the rider ?
what campaign year is referred to ?
what is the phone number written on top of the building ?
what letter comes before the word link in the text ?
what type of adsl router is this ?
what speed of internet access service does this product provide ?
what color is the extinguisher ?
what type of store front is shown in this photo ?
what is the name of the hair salon ?
who manufactures the basketball ?
what is written on the plane ?
what does 09 represent on the machine ?
what is displayed on street sign board ?
how many cars present ?
what number is in the windshield of the bus ?
what is the number on the plane ?
what brand is the camera ?
what is the partial text on the blue wall ?
what words are displayed beneath the analog clock ?
what does the red sign say ?
what color is the first car ?
what word is printed in the rectangle ?
what word is at the top of the image ?
what is the name of the hotel ?
what is the name on the store on the left side of the image ?
who is the author of this quote ?
what is the price on the farthest right sign ?
what is the price of the objects stacked farthest to the right ?
what does is say at the top of the picture ?
how does it say you did it ?
what website can this photo be found on ?
what is the bus saying ?
what is written on the plate  ?
what letters are on the white sign next to the traffic light ?
what is the brand of the laptop ?
what does the sign say under the stop sign ?
what is written in front of the lighter
what does it say on the lighter ?
what game is being depicted ?
what are the first three numbers on the front of the train ?
what is the street name on the big green sign ?
what company name is on the plane ?
what sandwich is being sold
what does the neon sign say
what does the white street sign say ?
what type of baskets does the shop sell ?
what team name is printed on the shirt ?
what number is printed on the jersey of the batter ?
what words are written on the red flags ?
what is the sign of board reference ?
what is the name of the tour this vehicle is advertising ?
what is the first word written in red on the rv ?
what year is written on the rv ?
what type of weather is referred to on the farthest umbrella ?
what does the blue sign say ?
what does the blue lettering say ?
what does the white sign say ?
what is the game name of the slot machine ?
what is the big red name on the left of this bus ?
what is written on the inside rim of the container containing the duck ?
what is the blue sign pointing to ?
what does the bottom traffic sign say ?
what does the top traffic sign say ?
what is advertised on the black banner ?
which store is bigger ?
what does the sign above the car say ?
who is advertising ?
what is written on the womans hat ?
where is the bus going ?
what name is on the top of the building
how many minutes would it take to walk to town square ?
what is the price of gas in the picture ?
what airline is shown ?
what is the name on the left hand side ?
what two colors is the sign that is shaped like a shield ?
what company is written on the blue wall ?
what number is on the unifrom ?
what name is on the uniform ?
what is the number on the motorcycle ?
what is written on the shelf ?
what is printed in the bottom left corner ?
who owns the copyright for this picture ?
what is the skiers number ?
what is the name of the product ?
what is the name of the character on the box ?
what is big mamma selling
what is the name of the building printed on the vertical sign ?
number on the white truck
which transport is this bus ?
what does the girl's shirt say ?
what flavor of guacamole is in the picture ?
what department is riding the first two bikes ?
how many yellow lines are in the street ?
what is handwritten on the sign ?
what is the first word written at the top of the van ?
what word on the van begins with the letter d ?
what six numbers can be seen on the car's license plate ?
what is the airline in the picture ?
where is the daly waters pub
what is written at the bottom of the lights
what message lindsay conveys to the visitor
what registration does the plane has ?
what is the sign on the building ?
what word is readable on the lady's sweatshirt ?
what is the number on the licence plate ?
what are the letters in front of the dash on the licence plate ?
what is the last word on the large sign ?
what does is say in blue on the banner ?
what is the batter's player number ?
in the logo on the bottom of the screen, what is the last name (after carlos) ?
what is the first name in the logo on the bottom right of the screen ?
what is the first name shown on the bottom right ?
what is the last name shown on the bottom right ?
what is the first word listed on the banner ?
what brand is the lock ?
how long is the knife ?
what is the knife used for ?
can you tell me the brand name of the washing machine in the picture ?
is this the name of the photographer ?
what is the brand of the phone in the picture ?
what is the blue letters visible on the bag ?
what is the brand name ?
what product is in the bag ?
how many years are they celebrating ?
what time for not turning left start ?
what time for not turning left ends ?
what does the number say on the timer on top of the honda ?
what kind of vehicle is featured with a timer ?
what year is this calendar for ?
what does the calendar show pictures of ?
what is the brand of the yellow bus ?
what word is written between 'expose' and 'gallery' ?
what brand of ketchup is pictured ?
what holiday is being celebrated ?
what numbers are written on the front and side of the bus ?
what is the baseball players name ?
what sport is being played ?
what state was the picture took in ?
where was this photo taken ?
what year was this taken ?
who took the photo ?
what does the sign say ?
of which colour are the letters of the sign ?
what is on the signs ?
what letter is on the girls hat ?
what number is on the brown box ?
what name is on the top ?
where the first mono car going ?
what is the middle word at the bottom of the photo ?
how long can someone park in one of these spots ?
what does the sign in front of the photographer say ?
what motorcycle is in the photo ?
what words are listed at the bottom of the sign ?
what is the number on the players jersey
guide to making halloween what ?
where is the icelandic collection ?
in whose memory was the collection given ?
who was william henry's wife ?
what is written on the container lids ?
what is the batter's number ?
what does the game banner say ?
how much does it cost per play ?
what is the title before buss ?
what is the name of the bus company ?
what is the location stated on the sign above the crowd ?
name one rule at this wedding ?
what words are on the sign to the left of the man's head ?
what word is on the sign to the right of the man's head ?
what game is mentioned on the dark blue shirt ?
what is the brand name of this salon ?
what letters are in the large yellow circle ?
what color is the stop sign ?
what is the number next to the screen in the picture ?
what is the name of the hotel
what is the tablet name
what is the grams mentioned in the box
what is the make of the motorcycle in the photo ?
is this a photo of downtown or of a forest ?
what is the ad banner for ?
what brand of soda is  on the table ?
what flavor is the pink soda ?
what flavor is the blue soda ?
what is the name of the street on the green sign ?
what kind of store is it  ?
what is the name of the vera wang perfume ?
what is the name of the perfume with the bow on it ?
what is the brand of deodorant ?
what fragrance is the deodorant ?
what is the size (volume) of multi purpose solution? (include parenthases)
what is the number on the sign ?
what is the number on the sign ?
what is the brand of dog food ?
what number is shown on the red umbrella ?
what four letters are shown on the red umbrella ?
what number is on the the players back in the dug out ?
what number is the player at home plate ?
what brand is the orange cooler ?
what series of tennis is this from ?
on the left what is the name of the product shown ?
how many doughnuts can you take ?
what type of drink is on the table ?
what does the guy's shirt say ?
what is food dish in this picture ?
what does the red sign in the window read ?
what is written on the top back of the truch ?
what is the website in the image ?
what is the brand of the radios ?
what is present in back side of t shirt
who holds the copyright to the photo ?
what street is one way ?
what does the sign on the left say ?
what is the number on the bottom right of the page ?
what airline has the red, white and blue airplane ?
what is the first word after the copyright symbol ?
what is the word after the hyphen ?
what is the full url listed ?
how is he feeling ?
what year was this photo taken ?
what time was this photo taken ?
what is the date the photo was taken ?
what event is this flyer for ?
where is the event located ?
when is the event ?
what is written in english ?
what button is to the far left on the top row ?
what name is on the book
what color is the folder
what is the name of the animal written on the balloon ?
what is the name written on the truck ?
tail fin number ?
what is the name of the road ?
what number is mentioned in this picture in words ?
who owns the copyright to this photo ?
when was this photo copyrighted ?
what does the big sign on the top say ?
what number is on the sign beside the arrow ?
what does the license plate on the white car read ?
what is the license plate on the black car ?
what city is on the bag ?
what number is on the bag ?
what word is after "market" ?
what is the address ?
what is the last name of the photographer ?
?how many umberlla is there ?
what is the name of this hotel ?
what is the first name written in blue on the wall ?
what kind of door is this ?
what is the number of the baseball player
what does the black sign on the right say ?
what does the white sign on the far left say ?
what is written on the surfboard ?
what is the blue word 2 times ?
what paint company is shown on the wall ?
what word is to the left of "entry" ?
where does the "exit" lead ?
what word is to the left of "only" ?
what is the sequence of numbers at the bottom of this image ?
what date was this photo taken ?
what is the name of the avenue closest to the camera ?
what is written on the t-shirt ?
what does the sign on the top of the bus read ?
what letters are shown in the bottom right hand corner of the screen ?
what beverage is advertised in bold with a red background ?
what kind of establishment is the store ?
what colors are the items
how many items do you see ?
what is the short name listed on the boat ?
what letters can you see on the street sign ?
what does the red text say ?
what is the name of the store ?
what gate numbers does the sign direct you to ?
what is one brand sold in the airport ?
what is the registration number of the right hand train ?
where is the train on the right going ?
what is the copyright date ?
what is the name of the photographer ?
what letters appear on the orange snow board ?
what is the license plate on the right motorbike ?
what store is shown ?
what is the name of the white store ?
what does lovis sell ?
what product is being sold outside the store ?
what is being advertised by the blue sign to the right of the image ?
what is the brand being endorsed on the bottom right ?
what is the day in the date ?
what hyphenated word is on the truck ?
what is the name of the club ?
what school district is this bus for ?
what is written on the blue helmet ?
what is written on the white sign ?
what date is written on the blue sign ?
what is the net weight on the crate ?
what does the sign say in black on the top of the yellow part of the trap ?
what three letters are visible on the man's hat ?
what letters are on the top of the right ski ?
what letters are on the left ski ?
what color is the suv ?
what year is on the sign on the sidewalk ?
what two words are on the left side of the sidewalk sign ?
what is written in blue board
what is present on red board
what city is stated in this picture ?
what word is associated with the word brooklyn in this picture ?
what letters appear in black ?
what do the boxes at the bottom right say ?
what should you do when you reach the two red signs ?
what is written on the sign in front of the stop signs ?
what is boldly written in the yellow stripe ?
what alliance is the plan advertising ?
what is the name of the store ?
what is the age requirement ?
who took this photo ?
what is the number in front of the chocolate doughnuts ?
what is the big number on the green sign on the left side of the image ?
when was this picture captured ?
what is the word placed in bus front side ?
what is the brand name of this motorcycle ?
what is written on the front of the van ?
what is the license plate number of the van ?
what numbers are written on the side of the van ?
what is credits displayed ?
what is displayed against total bet ?
what is displayed against paid ?
how many credits are available ?
what type of zeba is that ?
what number is on the bus ?
where is this bus headed ?
what is the name of the product ?
how long do you microwave it for ?
which variety is this ?
what website does this image come from ?
what is the track number this train on ?
what come after the www. on the website label ?
what greeting is on the sign the dog is holding ?
what website is on the bus on the left ?
what route is the bus on the left ?
what does it say on the truck ?
what is the number of the bus ?
what is the license plate of the bus ?
what is the number on the orange shirt ?
the window in the back lists which percentages ?
what numbers are on the door ?
what color is the van in the background ?
what number does the horse have  ?
what numbers, in order, are on the train engine ?
what letters, in order, are on the train engine ?
what is the name of the tab on the right side of the binder ?
what is the first tab at the bottom ?
what is the tab on the right ?
what is the plane number ?
what is the airline company ?
what does the sign say on the camel ?
what type of bacon is it ?
what team name is displayed on the girl's jersey ?
whats is written on the boat  ?
what is written on the sign above the door ?
what does the sign on the side of the wall way ?
what is the country name given
what is the red bus number ?
what is the black bus number ?
what letter key is right of o ?
what number is displayed on the player's white jersey ?
what is the volleyball team's name ?
what road is indicated on the green road sign ?
what is the date stamp on the picture ?
what words are on the building ?
what is the name of the show ?
which company made most of these toys ?
what flavour is this ketchup ?
what type of keyboard is pictured ?
what is the brand of piano ?
what event is happening from 27  nov - 4 dec ?
what percentage is the additional discount ?
what is the four digit number on the front of the bus ?
what is the letter and number combination on the bus ?
what are the two letters on the bus ?
what word appears on each of the screens ?
what hotel is displayed in the blue sign above the horse ?
what is th name of the hotel
where is this bus going ?
what route is it following ?
which station are they at ?
what is written in the blue pentagon ?
what is the name of the retail establishment pictured here ?
what is the name the store with the red title sign ?
what does the red sign say
where do you remove your shoes
what is the bottom measurement of the pink spoon ?
what food does this person sell ?
where is this ?
which two letters are at the front of the plane ?
which company is this plane ?
what is the name of the hotel ?
what does the purple square say ?
how many cats are on top of the frig ?
what is written on advertisement in the ground boundary ?
what service does the truck advertise ?
what does the first word on the front of the building say ?
what does the second word on the front of the building say ?
what number should be called in case of emergency ?
who has photo credits ?
what sport is this ?
what is color of the shirt of the player ?
what is color of the shorts of the player ?
what brand of cereal is on the refrigerator ?
what is the name of this airline ?
what is license plate number of the red car ?
what is license plate number of the black car ?
what phrase is on the white sign on the right ?
what phrase is contained on the yellow sign in the lower middle of the image ?
what is the name of the plane
what number of jewellery street is is to the left
what is the first name of the person who took this picture ?
what airline does this plane belong to ?
what is the name of the avenue on the green street sign ?
what can you see on the mountains and on the ground ?
what raod sign is there
what does the sign say ?
what brand name of the router is shown ?
what is the ghz listed ?
what does the glove have handwritten on it ?
what are the words on the yellow sign ?
what word does the sign above the police officer say ?
is the store open or closed ?
what does it say on the green neon sign ?
what is display on the blue board
what is the racing number on the motorcycle ?
what brand is the motorcycle ?
what is the serial number on the front of the train ?
what is the street ?
what type of fruit is mentioned on the bottom of the photo
what is the train number ?
what fitness class is being instructed ?
what is the name of the town 5km away ?
where was this image taken ?
what is the white text on the red package ?
what type of car is this ?
what street are the vehicles crossing ?
what is written on the red sign ?
what is the license plate of the yellow truck ?
what is the red bus number ?
what company operates the yellow truck ?
what kind of food is being sold ?
what is the name of the airplane to the left ?
what is the airplane named on the right
what color is the school bus ?
what is the name of the website shown ?
what is the word on the circle ?
what is the statement on the right arrow ?
what does the text written in snow say ?
what is the name of the restaurant ?
what kind of food does the restaurant serve ?
what type of band is playing at the restaurant ?
what kind of donut is this ?
is the can opened or unopened ?
what is the license plate number of the bus ?
what fruit name is written ?
what is written on the white bus
what street was this tv left at ?
what is the name for the wine bottle on the left ?
what is the number on the skier in front ?
what is the number of the skier in 2nd position ?
what is the name of the book ?
what is the brand on the speedometer ?
what street are they on ?
what is written above the white square ?
which letter is inside the white square ?
what is written under the white square ?
q: what is the picture of in the sign? a: trains
what is written in the umbrella ?
